Download PDFDonald J. Trump Statement on Iran Agreement(New York, NY) July 14, 2015  Today Donald J. Trump released the following statement in response to the Obama Administration's agreement with Iran. The Obama Administration's agreement with Iran is very dangerous. Iran developing a nuclear weapon, either through uranium or nuclear fuel, and defying the world is still a very real possibility. The inspections will not be followed, and Iran will no longer have any sanctions. Iran gets everything and loses nothing. Every promise the Obama Administration made in the beginning of negotiations, including the vow (made at the beginning of the negotiations) to get our great American prisoners returned to the U. S. has been broken. This is a bad deal that sets a dangerous precedent. This deal sets off a nuclear arms race in the Middle East, which is the most-unstable region in the world. It is a horrible and perhaps catastrophic event for Israel.Furthermore, we should have kept the billions of dollars we have agreed to pay them. Any great dealmaker would know this is a perfect example of "tapping along" and because they have been unchecked for so long throughout this extremely lengthy process, I guarantee they are much closer to producing a nuclear weapon than they were at the start of negotiations. The fact is, the US has incompetent leaders and even more incompetent negotiators. We must do better for America and the world. We have to Make America Great Again.
November is a great month for Americans. In New York City, we get to look out on Central Park and see the leaves change as we move from the beauty of Fall to a magnificent city cloaked in the chill and briskness of Winter. What we Americans often gloss over is that November is a time for celebrating the very reason we enjoy the freedom, opportunity and prosperity found nowhere else in the world. The reason we are able to live like we do is due to the courage, dedication and sacrifice of those who serve in the armed forces of the United States and to those who have given the last full measure.This November we should pay particular attention to the world situation. All over the world, young men and women who have volunteered to serve this nation are standing watch to protect us from the evil that is focused on taking away all that we value. We have turmoil in the Middle East, unrest in Europe, aggressive expansion in the Pacific Rim and stateless terrorism that threatens every aspect of freedom all across the globe. At no time in history have things been so precarious. Yet, we are able to find the best among us to step forward and take on the traditions and values of generations past, humbly putting on the uniform of this nation. They do so to support and defend the Constitution, not the President, the Congress or even the flag. They swear to defend an idea and an ideal. As is so subtly stated in the Preamble of our Founding Document, they take on the task "to secure Liberty for ourselves and our posterity."On November 10th, the Marine Corps celebrated its 240th birthday. The Marines were, are and will remain unique in the world, a force that is first to fight and last to come home. The Marines have maintained the highest standards and "once a Marine, always a Marine," captures the sense of duty and honor that permeates every pore of those who have worn the Eagle, Globe and Anchor.Today, we honor all veterans who are and have served in the armed forces. This day has special meaning to so many. Over the years, I have hired thousands of veterans and have found them to be among the very best. They bring no attention to themselves except in their extraordinary professionalism and dedication to whatever they choose to do. Quietly, humbly, and without fanfare, they go about their daily lives being great citizens, good moms and dads, and loving, devoted companions. Bearing up under the terrible damage of war, so many carry on with dignity and grace. We should be so proud of them and we should honor them every day. November is also the month we celebrate the Military Family. Too many of us have never had to be away from family and friends on holidays, birthdays and anniversaries. We have never been asked to risk life and limb in places we cannot even find on a map. We go about our daily lives enjoying freedom, most of the time without ever thinking about what it is like to have a loved one in harm's way. The sacrifice and strength of military families, those who also serve, is so important to morale and welfare of those so far from home.I have lived a full life and have benefited more than most from the opportunities found in this country. I have a loving, healthy family and I am running for President -- only in America. To be where I am, I thank God every day for those who stand on the ramparts of liberty with courage, strength, humility and dignity. So, this November, let's celebrate our veterans and their families and keep them in our prayers. Because of these dedicated Americans, we will be able to Make America Great Again!
(New York, NY) December 7th, 2015, -- Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on. According to Pew Research, among others, there is great hatred towards Americans by large segments of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll from the Center for Security Policy released data showing "25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad" and 51% of those polled, "agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah." Shariah authorizes such atrocities as murder against non-believers who won't convert, beheadings and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans, especially women.Mr. Trump stated, "Without looking at the various polling data, it is obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension. Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine. Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. If I win the election for President, we are going to Make America Great Again." - Donald J. Trump
Download PDFI am proud to share this report, written by the highly respected Dr. Harold Bornstein of Lenox Hill Hospital, stating that I am in excellent health. I am fortunate to have been blessed with great genes --- both of my parents had very long and productive lives. I have truly enjoyed working on the campaign trail with one objective in mind, to Make America Great Again! People have been impressed by my stamina, but to me it has been easy because I am truly doing something that I love. Our country will soon be better and stronger than ever before.  Donald J. TrumpThe report can be viewed here:Donald Trump Health Record PDF
(New York, NY) December 17, 2015  "If anyone needed more evidence of why the American people are suffering at the hands of their own government, look no further than the budget deal announced by Speaker Ryan. In order to avoid a government shutdown, a cowardly threat from an incompetent President, the elected Republicans in Congress threw in the towel and showed absolutely no budget discipline. The American people will have to absorb higher deficits, greater debt, less economic liberty and more corporate welfare. Congress cannot seem to help itself in bending to every whim of special interests. How can they face their constituents when they continue to burden our children and grandchildren with debts they will never be able to repay? Our government is failing us, so we must do something about it. Who knows how bad things will be when the next administration comes in and has to pick up the pieces? The only special interest not being served by our government is the American people. It is time we imposed budget discipline by holding the line on spending, getting rid of waste, fraud and abuse, and by taking on our debt. To do these things, we need a President who can lead the fight to hold Congress and the rest of government accountable. Together, we can Make America Great Again."  Donald J. Trump
I would like to offer my sincerest condolences to the Scalia family after the passing of Justice Scalia. Justice Scalia was a remarkable person and a brilliant Supreme Court Justice, one of the best of all time. His career was defined by his reverence for the Constitution and his legacy of protecting Americans' most cherished freedoms. He was a Justice who did not believe in legislating from the bench and he is a person whom I held in the highest regard and will always greatly respect his intelligence and conviction to uphold the Constitution of our country. My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this time.
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.' The RNC does not treat me well and then they use my name, without my knowledge, to raise money for themselves. At my insistence, they have withdrawn their request. I am self-funding my campaign and this totally unauthorized notice is yet another example of deceptive Washington tricks used to take advantage of the voters and get money from the hard-working people the politicians have failed. I will not stand for it and neither should you.
Ted Cruz is a totally unstable individual. He is the single biggest liar I've ever come across, in politics or otherwise, and I have seen some of the best of them. His statements are totally untrue and completely outrageous. It is hard to believe a person who proclaims to be a Christian could be so dishonest and lie so much.Cruz said I would be appointing a liberal judge when in fact I will appoint a great conservative and I am the only candidate who has gone so far, at the debate, as to suggest two individuals I feel would best represent the conservative values we need to protect: William "Bill" Pryor Jr. and Diane Sykes.Cruz says I am pro-choice, when in fact I am staunchly pro-life and have been for a long time. Like Ronald Reagan, on many issues, I have evolved.Cruz says I am in favor of ObamaCare, when in fact I have spoken about repealing and replacing this disaster of a system at every speech throughout my campaign and since it's inception. Meanwhile, Cruz was responsible for getting Bush to put in the judge that failed to vote against ObamaCare twice.Cruz says I will try to take away your second amendment rights, when I am one of the strongest proponents of the right to bear arms and I say so in every speech that I have made for years. I am a proud member of the NRA and so are my sons.Cruz has become unhinged and is lying with the hopes that his statements will go unchecked until after the election and he will save his failing campaign.In Iowa, Cruz told thousands of Ben Carson voters that Dr. Carson had left the race and to instead vote for Ted Cruz. He apologized when the race was over. Likewise, his fraudulent voter violation form sent to Iowa voters. If Ted is going to continue to lie with such desperation, I have no choice but to fight back.One of the ways I can fight back is to bring a lawsuit against him relative to the fact that he was born in Canada and therefore cannot be President. If he doesn't take down his false ads and retract his lies, I will do so immediately. Additionally, the RNC should intervene and if they don't they are in default of their pledge to me.I am the strongest on the borders and I will build a wall, and it will be a real wall. I am strongest on illegal immigration, strongest on ISIS, strongest on the military and I will take care of our Vets. I will end common core and preserve the second amendment. I will renegotiate our trade deals and bring our jobs back to our country. I am the only person who will Make America Great Again.
Despite Senator Ted Cruz attempting to smear me and totally lie about my beliefs and positions on almost all of the issues, I am a conservative person and I believe in conservative values. Like Ronald Reagan, on many issues, I have evolved. I am pro-life and have been for a long time. https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-for-president-inc.-oped-the-culture-of-life
If and when the Vatican is attacked by ISIS, which as everyone knows is ISIS's ultimate trophy, I can promise you that the Pope would have only wished and prayed that Donald Trump would have been President because this would not have happened. ISIS would have been eradicated unlike what is happening now with our all talk, no action politicians.The Mexican government and its leadership has made many disparaging remarks about me to the Pope, because they want to continue to rip off the United States, both on trade and at the border, and they understand I am totally wise to them. The Pope only heard one side of the story - he didn't see the crime, the drug trafficking and the negative economic impact the current policies have on the United States. He doesn't see how Mexican leadership is outsmarting President Obama and our leadership in every aspect of negotiation.For a religious leader to question a person's faith is disgraceful. I am proud to be a Christian and as President I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened, unlike what is happening now, with our current President. No leader, especially a religious leader, should have the right to question another man's religion or faith. They are using the Pope as a pawn and they should be ashamed of themselves for doing so, especially when so many lives are involved and when illegal immigration is so rampant.
"Megyn Kelly asked about highly-skilled immigration. The H-1B program is neither high-skilled nor immigration: these are temporary foreign workers, imported from abroad, for the explicit purpose of substituting for American workers at lower pay. I remain totally committed to eliminating rampant, widespread H-1B abuse and ending outrageous practices such as those that occurred at Disney in Florida when Americans were forced to train their foreign replacements. I will end forever the use of the H-1B as a cheap labor program, and institute an absolute requirement to hire American workers first for every visa and immigration program. No exceptions."
Donald J. Trump issued the following statement today on a new report from the Center for Immigration Studies, based on U.S. Census Bureau Data, showing record immigration growth in the United States: "Record rates of immigration have produced lower wages and higher unemployment for U.S. workers. Pew polling shows 83 percent of all voters - Democrats, Republicans and Independents - think immigration should be frozen or reduced. The biggest beneficiaries of allowing fewer foreign workers into our country would be minority workers, including all immigrants now living here, who are competing for jobs, benefits and community resources against record waves of foreign workers. Limiting job competition would reopen pathways to middle-class stability and shrink welfare rolls. In addition, it would relieve overcrowding in our schools and hospitals that afflict our poorest communities. Yet, Senators Cruz and Rubio have led the charge for even higher immigration rates - a policy supported by only 7 percent of the Republican electorate. When I am President we will listen to the people - not the special interests - and get immigration numbers under control, as the voters have demanded."The report can be viewed here: http://cis.org/61-Million-Immigrants-and-Their-Young-Children-Now-Live-in-the-United-States
Donald J. Trump issued the following statement today on the National Enquirer Story:"I have no idea whether or not the cover story about Ted Cruz in this week's issue of the National Enquirer is true or not, but I had absolutely nothing to do with it, did not know about it, and have not, as yet, read it. Likewise, I have nothing to do with the National Enquirer and unlike Lyin' Ted Cruz I do not surround myself with political hacks and henchmen and then pretend total innocence. Ted Cruz's problem with the National Enquirer is his and his alone, and while they were right about O.J. Simpson, John Edwards, and many others, I certainly hope they are not right about Lyin' Ted Cruz. I look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin, winning the Republican nomination and ultimately the Presidency in order to Make America Great Again."
(WISCONSIN) March 30th, 2016 - Donald J. Trump released the following statement after receiving the formal endorsement of America's Border Patrol Agents nationwide through their official union, the National Border Patrol Council:"I am deeply grateful for this extraordinary and historic endorsement from America's Border Patrol Agents, and especially honored that they would break with their past precedent of not endorsing in presidential primaries in order to endorse my candidacy. This endorsement represents a total rejection of the corrupt politicians who have allowed transnational gangs and cartels to terrorize American communities.The National Border Patrol Council is the official body representing America's front-line Border Patrol Agents who sacrifice every day, under intolerable political restraints, to keep America safe. America's 16,500 border patrol agents represented by the NBPC are the first line of defense for our nation. The NBPC provides the vital outlet to learn the truth - not the political spin from bureaucrats - about what is really happening on our border. And the NBPC has been the one outlet these agents have to prevent their voice from being drowned out by big money special interests.As President, I will work tirelessly with the NBPC and their rank-and-file agents to secure our border once and for all. I will ensure that every rank-and-file officer has the resources, tools and support they need to protect this nation and stop the influx of drugs, gangs and cartel violence. Together, we will save thousands of American lives, millions of American jobs, and billions of American tax dollars.I am deeply privileged to have the official support of America's border patrol agents, and will never let them down.This is our chance to make our country safe again, and ultimately, Make America Great Again."
If Congress were to pass legislation making abortion illegal and the federal courts upheld this legislation, or any state were permitted to ban abortion under state and federal law, the doctor or any other person performing this illegal act upon a woman would be held legally responsible, not the woman. The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb. My position has not changed - like Ronald Reagan, I am pro-life with exceptions.
It is sad that two grown politicians have to collude against one person who has only been a politician for ten months in order to try and stop that person from getting the Republican nomination. Senator Cruz has done very poorly and after his New York performance, which was a total disaster, he is in free fall and as everyone has seen, he does not react well under pressure. Also, approximately 80% of the Republican Party is against him. Governor Kasich, who has only won 1 state out of 41, in other words, he is 1 for 41 and he is not even doing as well as other candidates who could have stubbornly stayed in the race like him but chose not to do so. Marco Rubio, as an example, has more delegates than Kasich and yet suspended his campaign one month ago. Others, likewise, have done much better than Kasich, who would get slaughtered by Hillary Clinton once the negative ads against him begin. 85% of Republican voters are against Kasich. Collusion is often illegal in many other industries and yet these two Washington insiders have had to revert to collusion in order to stay alive. They are mathematically dead and this act only shows, as puppets of donors and special interests, how truly weak they and their campaigns are. I have brought millions of voters into the Republican primary system and have received many millions of votes more than Cruz or Kasich. Additionally, I am far ahead of both candidates with delegates and would be receiving in excess of 60% of the vote except for the fact that there were so many candidates running against me. Because of me, everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged. When two candidates who have no path to victory get together to stop a candidate who is expanding the party by millions of voters, (all of whom will drop out if I am not in the race) it is yet another example of everything that is wrong in Washington and our political system. This horrible act of desperation, from two campaigns who have totally failed, makes me even more determined, for the good of the Republican Party and our country, to prevail!
"After massive defeats in Arizona, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Delaware, Connecticut and Maryland, (in addition to twenty other contests) and given the fact that Senator Cruz has millions of votes less than me and is being clobbered on the delegate front, this is a pure waste of time. It reminds me very much of the already failed Kasich 'collusion' a desperate attempt to save a failing campaign by an all talk, no action politician. The people of Indiana are very smart and they will see through this just like they saw through the already failed Kasich alliance. Cruz has no path to victory - he is only trying to stay relevant."- Donald J. Trump
Ted Cruz is a desperate candidate trying to save his failing campaign. It is no surprise he has resorted to his usual tactics of over-the-top rhetoric that nobody believes. Over the last week, I have watched Lyin' Ted become more and more unhinged as he is unable to react under the pressure and stress of losing, in all cases by landslides, the last six primary elections --- in fact, coming in last place in all but one of them. Today's ridiculous outburst only proves what I have been saying for a long time, that Ted Cruz does not have the temperament to be President of the United States.
"I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan's agenda. Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people. They have been treated so badly for so long that it is about time for politicians to put them first!"Donald J. Trump
"I fully understand why Lindsey Graham cannot support me. If I got beaten as badly as I beat him, and all the other candidates he endorsed, I would not be able to give my support either. Every time I see Lindsey Graham spew hate during interviews I ask why the media never questions how I single-handedly destroyed his hapless run for President. As a candidate who did not receive 1% in his own state - compared to my victory at nearly 40% with many others in the race - he has zero credibility. He was a poor representative and an embarrassment to the great people of South Carolina. Judging by the incompetent way he ran his campaign, it is easy to see why his military strategies have failed so badly --- we can't even beat ISIS!While I will unify the party, Lindsey Graham has shown himself to be beyond rehabilitation. And like the voters who rejected him, so will I!"Donald J. Trump
"It is a great honor to have won both West Virginia and Nebraska, especially by such massive margins. My time spent in both states was a wonderful and enlightening experience for me. I learned a lot, and that knowledge will be put to good use towards the creation of businesses, jobs, and the strengthening and revival of their economies. I look forward to returning to West Virginia and Nebraska soon, and hope to win both states in the general election. Likewise, my time spent last week with the great people of Oregon will hopefully lead to another victory next Tuesday."- Donald J. Trump
The fact that Hillary thinks the temporary Muslim ban, which she calls the "Muslim ban", promotes terrorism, proves Bernie Sanders was correct when he said she is not qualified to be President. Look at the carnage all over the world including the World Trade Center, San Bernardino, Paris, the USS Cole, Brussels and an unlimited number of other places. She and our totally ignorant President won't even use the term Radical Islamic Terrorism. And by the way, ask Hillary who blew up the plane last night - another terrible, but preventable tragedy. She has bad judgement and is unfit to serve as President at this delicate and difficult time in our country's history.
Based on the fact that the Democratic nominating process is totally rigged and Crooked Hillary Clinton and Deborah Wasserman Schultz will not allow Bernie Sanders to win, and now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee, it seems inappropriate that I would debate the second place finisher. Likewise, the networks want to make a killing on these events and are not proving to be too generous to charitable causes, in this case, women's health issues. Therefore, as much as I want to debate Bernie Sanders - and it would be an easy payday - I will wait to debate the first place finisher in the Democratic Party, probably Crooked Hillary Clinton, or whoever it may be.
It is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage. I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent. The American justice system relies on fair and impartial judges. All judges should be held to that standard. I do not feel that one's heritage makes them incapable of being impartial, but, based on the rulings that I have received in the Trump University civil case, I feel justified in questioning whether I am receiving a fair trial.Over the past few weeks, I have watched as the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing litigation involving Trump University. There are several important facts the public should know and that the media has failed to report.Throughout the litigation my attorneys have continually demonstrated that students who participated in Trump University were provided a substantive, valuable education based upon a curriculum developed by professors from Northwestern University, Columbia Business School, Stanford University and other respected institutions. And, the response from students was overwhelming. Over a five year period, more than 10,000 paying students filled out surveys giving the courses high marks and expressing their overwhelming satisfaction with Trump University's programs. For example:Former student Tarla Makaeff, the original plaintiff in the litigation, not only completed multiple surveys rating Trump University's three-day seminar "excellent" in every category, but also praised Trump University's mentorship program in a glowing 5 plus minute video testimonial. When asked "how could Trump University help to meet [her] goals", she simply stated "[c]ontinue to offer great classes." Once the plaintiffs' lawyers realized how disastrous a witness she was, they asked to have her removed from the case. Over my lawyers' objections, the judge granted the plaintiffs' motion, but allowed the case to continue. Art Cohen, a lead plaintiffs in the litigation, completed a survey in which he not only rated Trump University's three-day seminar "excellent" in virtually every category, but went so far as to indicate that he would "attend another Trump University seminar" and even "recommend Trump University seminars to a friend." When asked how Trump University could improve the seminar, Mr. Cohen's only suggestion was to "[h]ave lunch sandwiches brought in" and make the lunch break 45 minutes. Former student Bob Giullo, who has been critical of Trump University in numerous interviews and negative advertisements from my political opponents, also expressed his satisfaction, rating Trump University's programs "excellent" in every category. When asked how Trump University could improve its programs, Mr. Giullo simply asked that students be provided "more comfortable chairs."Indeed, these are just a few of literally thousands of positive surveys, all of which can be viewed online at www.98percentapproval.com.For those students who decided that Trump University's programs were not for them, the company had a generous refund policy, offering a full refund to any student who asked for their money back within 3 days of signing up for a program or by the end of the first day of any multi-day program, whichever came later.Normally, legal issues in a civil case would be heard in a neutral environment. However, given my unique circumstances as nominee of the Republican Party and the core issues of my campaign that focus on illegal immigration, jobs and unfair trade, I have concerns as to my ability to receive a fair trial.I am fighting hard to bring jobs back to the United States. Many companies  like Ford, Nabisco, Carrier  are moving production to Mexico. Drugs and illegal immigrants are also pouring across our border. This is bad for all Americans, regardless of their heritage.Due to what I believe are unfair and mistaken rulings in this case and the Judge's reported associations with certain professional organizations, questions were raised regarding the Obama appointed Judge's impartiality. It is a fair question. I hope it is not the case.While this lawsuit should have been dismissed, it is now scheduled for trial in November. I do not intend to comment on this matter any further. With all of the thousands of people who have given the courses such high marks and accolades, we will win this case!Donald J. Trump
Last night, our nation was attacked by a radical Islamic terrorist. It was the worst terrorist attack on our soil since 9/11, and the second of its kind in 6 months. My deepest sympathy and support goes out to the victims, the wounded, and their families.In his remarks today, President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the words 'Radical Islam'. For that reason alone, he should step down. If Hillary Clinton, after this attack, still cannot say the two words 'Radical Islam' she should get out of this race for the Presidency.If we do not get tough and smart real fast, we are not going to have a country anymore. Because our leaders are weak, I said this was going to happen  and it is only going to get worse. I am trying to save lives and prevent the next terrorist attack. We can't afford to be politically correct anymore.The terrorist, Omar Mir Saddique Mateen, is the son of an immigrant from Afghanistan who openly published his support for the Afghanistani Taliban and even tried to run for President of Afghanistan. According to Pew, 99% of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia Law.We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year. Since 9/11, hundreds of migrants and their children have been implicated in terrorism in the United States.Hillary Clinton wants to dramatically increase admissions from the Middle East, bringing in many hundreds of thousands during a first term  and we will have no way to screen them, pay for them, or prevent the second generation from radicalizing.We need to protect all Americans, of all backgrounds and all beliefs, from Radical Islamic Terrorism - which has no place in an open and tolerant society. Radical Islam advocates hate for women, gays, Jews, Christians and all Americans. I am going to be a President for all Americans, and I am going to protect and defend all Americans. We are going to make America safe again and great again for everyone.- Donald J. TrumpTomorrow Mr. Trump will deliver a major speech to further address this terrorist attack, immigration, and national security. The speech will be delivered at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at St. Anselm's College. For more information please visit Donaldjtrump.com.
Sadly with this endorsement of Hillary Clinton - who is totally owned by Wall Street - the leadership of the AFL-CIO has made clear that it no longer represents American workers. Instead they have become part of the rigged system in Washington, D.C. that benefits only the insiders.I believe their members will be voting for me in much larger numbers than for her.Hillary Clinton and her husband have made hundreds of millions of dollars doing favors and selling access to Wall Street, special interests and oppressive foreign regimes. As Bernie Sanders said, "Why, over her political career, has Wall Street been the major campaign contributor to Hillary Clinton?" They own Hillary Clinton and she will do whatever they tell her to.Bernie Sanders is also 100% correct when he says that Hillary Clinton "vote[d] for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs." Hillary supported NAFTA and she supported the trade deal with China, Vietnam, South Korea  and if elected will implement the TPP she loves so much  guaranteed.While Secretary of State,'Hillary Clinton racked up a $1 trillion trade deficit with China  all while China was funneling a small fortune to Hillary via speaking fees paid to Bill.On immigration, Hillary Clinton sides with Wall Street too. Bernie Sanders correctly warned that open borders "would substantially lower wages in this country," and yet Hillary has put forward a plan that would completely open America's borders in her first 100 days in office.On energy, Hillary Clinton wants to shut down the coal mines, block the Keystone pipeline, and destroy millions of good union jobs through executive action.Her massive proposed increase in taxes and regulations will also send millions of jobs overseas.Hillary Clinton will economically destroy poor communities, African-American and Hispanic workers on trade, immigration, crime, energy, taxes, regulation and everything else.Finally, union workers have long believed in having an open and free society. Yet Hillary takes money from regimes that support the murder of gays and the enslavement of women while pushing to bring people into America who want to do the exact same thing to our people. I only want to bring people into our country who will love and support everyone.Hillary Clinton is the enemy of working people and is the best friend Wall Street ever had. I will fight harder for American workers than anyone ever has, and I will fight for their right to elect leaders who will do the same. I will be a president for ALL Americans.
Today's 4-4 Supreme Court ruling has blocked one of the most unconstitutional actions ever undertaken by a President. The executive amnesty from President Obama wiped away the immigration rules written by Congress, giving work permits and entitlement benefits to people illegally in the country. This split decision also makes clear what is at stake in November. The election, and the Supreme Court appointments that come with it will decide whether or not we have a border and, hence, a country. Clinton has pledged to expand Obama's executive amnesty, hurting poor African-American and Hispanic workers by giving away their jobs and federal resources to illegal immigrant labor  while making us all less safe. It is time to protect our country and Make America Safe Again and Great Again for everyone.
The people of the United Kingdom have exercised the sacred right of all free peoples. They have declared their independence from the European Union and have voted to reassert control over their own politics, borders and economy. A Trump Administration pledges to strengthen our ties with a free and independent Britain, deepening our bonds in commerce, culture and mutual defense. The whole world is more peaceful and stable when our two countries  and our two peoples  are united together, as they will be under a Trump Administration.Come November, the American people will have the chance to re-declare their independence. Americans will have a chance to vote for trade, immigration and foreign policies that put our citizens first. They will have the chance to reject today's rule by the global elite, and to embrace real change that delivers a government of, by and for the people. I hope America is watching, it will soon be time to believe in America again.
I am shocked by the heinous murder of 13-year-old Hallel Yaffa Ariel, who was attacked by a Palestinian terrorist while she was sleeping in her bedroom. I extend my deepest condolences to the Ariel family. The continuing incitement and preaching of hate by the Palestinian leadership, and the glorification of terror must end immediately. I call upon the leadership of the Palestinian Authority to condemn this murder and to take concrete steps to end this barbaric behavior.Donald J. Trump
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while driving his car and three of his children who were passengers were severely injured. As I did with regard to the brutal murder of Hallel Yaffa Ariel, I strongly condemn this attack and call upon the Palestinian leadership to completely end this barbaric behavior. I also call upon President Obama to recognize and condemn each and every terrorist attack against Israeli citizens. This cannot become the "new normal." It has to end.
These false attacks by Hillary Clinton trying to link the Star of David with a basic star, often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior, (showing an inscription that says "Crooked Hillary is the most corrupt candidate ever") with anti-Semitism is ridiculous. Clinton, through her surrogates, is just trying to divert attention from the dishonest behavior of herself and her husband. The real questions are, why was Bill Clinton meeting secretly with the US Attorney General on her case and where are the 33,000 missing emails and all of the other information missing from her case - Why are there so many lies?
The FBI Director laid out today a detailed case of how Hillary Clinton compromised the safety of the American people by storing highly classified information on a private email server with no security. He confirmed that her email could easily have been hacked by hostile actors, and confirmed that those she emailed with were hacked.Our adversaries almost certainly have a blackmail file on Hillary Clinton, and this fact alone disqualifies her from service.It has also been revealed that Hillary Clinton lied when she said that she did not send classified information. The FBI Director confirmed that over 100 emails were deemed classified at the time they were sent, including emails classified as top secret.On top of it all, Hillary Clinton's lawyers wiped the servers clean to delete another 30,000 emails  hiding her corrupt dealings from investigators. She used the State Department for her personal gain, trading favors for cash, and tried to conceal the records. Also, she didn't want people to know the details about her botched decisions in Libya, Syria, Iraq and Egypt that destabilized the Middle East.But because of our rigged system that holds the American people to one standard and people like Hillary Clinton to another, it does not look like she will be facing the criminal charges that she deserves.Bill Clinton didn't accidentally run into the Attorney General on the airport tarmac last week in Phoenix. Hillary Clinton didn't accidentally sneak into the FBI during one of the country's biggest holiday weekends to testify on her illegal activities, something that wouldn't be afforded to others under investigation (and on a Saturday of all days). It was no accident that charges were not recommended against Hillary the exact same day as President Obama campaigns with her for the first time.Folks  the system is rigged. The normal punishment, in this case, would include losing authority to handle classified information, and that too disqualifies Hillary Clinton from being President.The final jury will be the American people, and they will issue the verdict on her corruption, incompetence, and bad judgment on November 8th.
I have built a tremendously successful business, which has created tens of thousands of jobs. Out of the hundreds of businesses I have owned over the decades, and hundreds of deals and transactions, I have used the chapter laws of our country in four instances, much as many of our country's elite business people do (but nobody cares about). It is an effective and commonly used practice in business to use bankruptcy proceedings to restructure a business and ultimately save jobs. Nobody understands the economy like I do and no one, especially not Crooked Hillary Clinton, will do more for the economy than I will. I want to bring jobs back to America, while Hillary Clinton wants to get elected to enrich herself with power at the expense of the people. I created thousands of jobs and made a lot of money in Atlantic City, which was what, as a businessman, I am supposed to do for my company and my family - and as President I will make America rich again, and Make America Great Again.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers  five of whom were killed and seven wounded - is an attack on our country. It is a coordinated, premeditated assault on the men and women who keep us safe.We must restore law and order. We must restore the confidence of our people to be safe and secure in their homes and on the street.The senseless, tragic deaths of two people in Louisiana and Minnesota reminds us how much more needs to be done.This morning I offer my thoughts and prayers for all of the victims' families, and we pray for our brave police officers and first responders who risk their lives to protect us every single day.Our nation has become too divided. Too many Americans feel like they've lost hope. Crime is harming too many citizens. Racial tensions have gotten worse, not better. This isn't the American Dream we all want for our children.This is a time, perhaps more than ever, for strong leadership, love and compassion. We will pull through these tragedies.
(New York, NY) June 16, 2015Today, Donald J. Trump announced his candidacy for President of the United States of America. Mr. Trump was joined by his immediate family and stood before thousands of supporters to declare his candidacy for the 2016 GOP Presidential nomination.Donald J. Trump said, "Quite simply, it is time to bring real leadership to Washington. The fact is, the American Dream is dead -- but if I win, I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before. Together we will Make America Great Again!" Mr. Trump has frequently used his platform as a notable public figure to advocate for conservative causes and to educate the public on the failures of the Obama administration. Mr. Trump believes in the Free Market, a strong military and our country's sacred obligation to take care of our veterans and their families. Mr. Trump has teams based in the early primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina. He will be visiting each of these states beginning with Iowa today, followed by New Hampshire on June 17th, and South Carolina on June 19th.The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign will be headquartered in New York City. For more information please visit DonaldJTrump.com.Press Contact: Hope Hicks 203-273-0226 [emailprotected]
Donald TrumpWatch Donald Trump declare his candidacy for President of the United States.
The Gateway PunditDonald Trump says it's time to "Make America Great Again"His big presidential announcement was today at 11 AM ET.Trump BASHED Obama  a horrible negotiator."Our president doesn't have a clue. He's a bad negotiator. He's the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl. They get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there."
The Gateway PunditThe markets responded well to Donald Trump's announcement today. The Dow jumped 92 points after his speech.
The Gateway PunditThis is why we love the Donald. Donald Trump destroyed Hillary Clinton tonight with one line.Bill O'Reilly: War on Women. Are you going to walk into that? Right into that?Donald Trump: Well, I laugh when see it. I was watching her talk about income inequality. That can be beaten. All you have to do is take a look at her donor list.
The Gateway PunditWhat a Speech!...The Donald says it's time to "Make America Great Again"His big presidential announcement was today at 11 AM ET."I will build a great wall. And nobody does walls better than me. Very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border and I will have Mexico pay for that wall."
ABC NewsThe real estate mogul made headlines with his 2016 presidential campaign announcement held at Trump Tower in New York City.
BloombergMark Halperin and John Heilemann are joined by chairman and president of The Trump Organization and 2016 presidential candidate Donald Trump on "With All Due Respect" on Bloomberg Television.
BloombergWatch: In a wide-ranging interview with Bloomberg Politics, Donald Trump, the GOP's newest presidential candidate, opens up about his insecurities, Republican rivals, and his tiff with Club for Growth.
Fox NewsBusiness magnate Donald Trump weighs in on his rivals, Hillary Clinton on Hannity.Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Fox NewsOne-on-one with the Republican presidential candidate on Hannity.Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Fox NewsTrump says he wants to make America great again on Hannity.Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Gateway PunditAt his first campaign stop since announcing his run for President of the United States, Donald Trump allowed a woman on stage to touch his hair.
WMURFollowing the lead of several candidates in the 2016 presidential race, Donald Trump traveled to New Hampshire the day after announcing his candidacy.Trump spoke for more than an hour at the rally on Manchester Community College. He said politicians are all talk and no action."The American Dream is dead, but we will bring it back bigger and stronger and more powerfully than ever before," Trump said.In his first New Hampshire event since announcing his campaign for the Republican nomination for president on Tuesday, Trump dismissed critics who thought he wouldn't run."'Why would he run? He's got this great lifestyle, he's got this wonderful business, wonderful family, why would he do that?' Because I want to make our country wonderful," Trump said.He is taking a hard line on illegal immigration, so hard that protesters showed up at this event, some holding signs that said "Mexicans are people, not criminals.""Mexicans, I love Mexicans, they're great. I have so many friends, Mexicans," Trump said. "But the people that are coming into our country are, in many cases brutal."While other White House hopefuls might try to avoid such controversy, Rep. Steve Stepanek, R-Milford, said Trump is an outside-the-box candidate who doesn't care what the national media thinks."It's what the average person on Main Street thinks," Stepanek said. "And they're warming up to him."As Trump navigated a crush of admirers and reporters after his speech, News 9 asked the multi-billionaire how much of his own money he would be willing to spend to win."Many, many millions of dollars," Trump said.
Download PDF(Bluffton, SC) June 18, 2015- Republican presidential candidate Donald J. Trump today announced that he is postponing his scheduled visit to the Lowcountry of South Carolina due to the "shockingly sad" events that occurred in Charleston."The tragic events that occurred on Wednesday evening should be our nation's primary focus for the foreseeable future," stated Mr. Trump. "This is a time for healing, not politics." Mr. Trump, who announced his candidacy for President on Tuesday in New York, is in the midst of a multi-state tour that includes stops in Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. He was scheduled to appear before a capacity crowd in the residential community of Sun City in Bluffton, South Carolina."I look forward to returning to South Carolina and continuing our discussion on how we can best move our country forward," said Trump. "Until that time our prayers and deepest condolences are with the people of Charleston and the families of those who have been torn apart by this senseless act of violence and hate."The Trump campaign announced that the South Carolina event will be rescheduled in the near future.###Press contact:Hope Hicks[emailprotected]203-273-0226
Download PDFToday, Donald J. Trump is calling for the immediate resignation of Club for Growth President David McIntosh after a failed attempt to secure $1 million dollars from Mr. Trump.In calling for Mr. McIntosh's immediate resignation, Mr. Trump says, "I am appalled by Mr. McIntosh's shameless pandering and blatant shakedown attempt, exposing him and the Club for Growth as a fraud."Mr. McIntosh met with Mr. Trump and his representatives in New York City at Trump Tower on May 26th. During that meeting he praised Mr. Trump for his business success and talked about the need for someone like Mr. Trump to be in Washington, D.C. He then talked about the Club for Growth and what it is doing. The meeting lasted approximately 30 minutes.One week later, Mr. Trump and political advisor Corey Lewandowski (now campaign manager) received letters (attached) from Mr. McIntosh requesting $1 million dollars of financial support for the Club for Growth. The letter to Mr. Trump states, "As we both know, it is business owners who create jobs- not the government."Less than fourteen days after sending his request for the $1 million, and after Mr. Trump did not give money to the Club for Growth and instead declared his candidacy, Mr. McIntosh attacked Mr. Trump, was critical of his candidacy, and said, "It would be unfortunate if (Mr. Trump) takes away a spot at even one Republican debate."Lewandowski stated, "The Club for Growth is the worst of the two-faced hypocrisy of Washington."This exemplifies everything that is wrong with politics in our country. Club for Growth claims to fight for conservative causes and support Republican candidates who oppose politics as usual, and apparently will say anything in an effort to raise funds. This unfortunate incident is representative of the corruption that persists in Washington, D.C., and politics in general, in the United States.Press Contact: Hope Hicks 203-273-0226 [emailprotected]
NewsBusters"People who think he's a joke and a fool need to be careful because by the end of the campaign, the joke may be on them." That's how Joe Scarborough summed up the surprisingly respectful analysis of Donald Trump's candidacy on today's Morning Joe.Introducing the segment, Scarborough suggested that if Trump sticks to a Perot-like populist message, he could get 15% of the primary vote. When Joe turned to Steve Schmidt, this NewsBuster expected the former McCain campaign manager and establishment Republican to dump on Trump. But to the contrary, Schmidt agreed heartily with Joe and went on to make the case that Trump is channeling widespread popular resentment, is the man people would want to hear in a debate, and could be "very impactful" in the race. John Heilemann was similarly respectful of Trump's potential, saying he "doesn't play by the rules and is fearless," and receives serious, generally favorable local coverage in places like Iowa and New Hampshire.
Download PDFToday Donald J. Trump officially filed his Statement of Candidacy for the office of President of the United States of America.(New York, NY) June 22, 2015Today, Donald J. Trump filed his Statement of Candidacy for office of President of the United States with the Federal Election Commission. This filing took place well in advance of the July 1st deadline. Last week, Mr. Trump declared his candidacy at Trump Tower where he spoke about the challenges we are currently facing, his proven record of success, and his belief in the Free Market, a strong military and our country's sacred obligation to take care of our veterans and their families.Mr. Trump says, "I am pleased to submit this filing to the Federal Election Commission, formalizing my campaign for President of the United States. I can rebuild the American Dream so that it is stronger, bigger and better than ever before. Together we will Make America Great Again!"Mr. Trump's Campaign Manager, Corey Lewandowski added, "As we have always said, the Donald J. Trump for President Committee, Inc. will meet all FEC imposed deadlines in accordance with being a candidate for the office of the President of the United States and today we are excited to complete this very important step." Tomorrow, Mr. Trump will headline the Maryland Republican Party's sold out 25th Annual Red, White, and Blue Dinner in Baltimore with a record setting crowd. Mr. Trump has visited Iowa and New Hampshire numerous times over the past several months and will return to Iowa this Saturday, June 27th and New Hampshire on Tuesday, June 30th. Also next week, Mr. Trump will speak at the City Club of Chicago on Monday, June 29th, which will be the largest event in the Club has ever had. The event sold out within twelve minutes and has a wait-list of over two thousand people. The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign is headquartered in New York City. For more information please visit DonaldJTrump.com. Press Contact:Hope Hicks[emailprotected]203-273-0226
Fox BusinessTrump Organization Executive V.P. Eric Trump on his father Donald Trump's presidential bid.Watch the latest video at video.foxbusiness.com
Fox NewsDonald Trump believes Pacific Rim trade deal is 'a disaster for jobs in our country' and its supporters are not qualified to be president and that race relations are as bad as they've ever been under Pres. Obama.Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Download PDF(New York, NY) June 26, 2015- Today, Donald J. Trump was endorsed by New Hampshire State Representative Stephen Stepanek. Mr. Stepanek joins Mr. Trump's robust New Hampshire leadership team and will work with his campaign to continue to share Mr. Trump's message, which is resonating throughout the Granite State.Mr. Trump said, "Stephen is a great addition to our New Hampshire leadership team and I am proud to have his endorsement for the Republican presidential primary nomination. He understands what is at stake with our economy and will be an asset as we continue to solidify our position at the top of the field, both in New Hampshire and nationally." Mr. Stepanek is a former Amherst Selectman, who served seven years as a member of the Hillsborough County Executive Committee. He is also a six year member of the New Hampshire Supreme Court Professional Conduct Committee, former four term State Representative serving the Citizens of Amherst, Chairman of the Granite State Tax Payers Association, Deputy Majority Leader of New Hampshire House of Representatives and Chairman of the House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Stepanek added, "Mr. Trump is a proven leader with a record of success and has the mindset to get our economy thriving and our country back on track. I'm proud to endorse Mr. Trump's candidacy for President of the United States and look forward to working with the campaign team to continue to reach New Hampshire voters." In addition to the leadership team, with representatives from all ten counties in New Hampshire, Mr. Trump has four full-time staffers in New Hampshire and an office based in Manchester, which daughter Ivanka Trump officially opened Wednesday with a packed house of supporters on hand.Three polls released this week show Mr. Trump in second place including the New Hampshire specific CNN/WMUR released yesterday, the Suffolk University poll released on June 23 and the latest national poll conducted by Fox News on June 24. Mr. Trump continues to visit New Hampshire regularly where he has been met with an overwhelmingly positive response when speaking to record crowds. Mr. Trump is expected to return to New Hampshire on June 30th. Press Contact: Hope Hicks- 203-273-0226 [emailprotected]
BreitbartSunday on Fox News Channel's "MediaBuzz," Republican presidential candidate and billionaire business mogul Donald Trump addressed his controversial comments on some Mexican immigrants being rapist and murderers said he was simply commenting on media reports on border crime, therefore he "can never apologize for the truth."Host Howard Kurtz asked if he should apologize.Trump replied, "I don't have to say that. Look, the Mexican border is a sieve. People are pouring into our country. We don't know who they are, where they are, they come from all over the world, not just Mexicans. I employ thousands of Mexicans. I've employed over the years many thousands of Mexicans. I love the Mexican people. They're fantastic. Everybody knows that. In terms of the border, it's a disgrace. either we have a border or we don't have a country. You can't have a country without borders. People are coming in and some of those people  I read it even yesterday there was a huge article about the tremendous crime that's taking place. It's like a crime wave. One of the most dangerous places on earth. And I bring that up all of a sudden I'm a bad person.""I read an article yesterday from "Fusion" which is owned by Univision talking about women that cross the border are being raped. Many of them, a tremendous percentage, 80 percent, that's hard to believe it could be 80% they said the women coming across the border are raped. This is done by "Fusion" printed in "The Huffington Post" no friend of mine and I use the word rape and all of a sudden everyone goes crazy. It says 80% of the women  which hard to believe to be honest with you  so I can never apologize for the truth. I don't mind apologizing for things. I can't apologize for the truth. I said tremendous crime is coming across. Everybody knows that's true. It's happening all the time. When I mention crime, I'm a racist? I'm not a racist. I don't have a racist bone in my body. "
BreitbartCoulter said, "I notice we've been warned all week watch out for ISIS, watch out for ISIS this weekend, and no, instead Americans were killed by [illegal] immigrants. This wasn't the only illegal immigrant, and it doesn't have to be limited to illegal immigrants, the government is allowing people who have no right to be here into our country, whether legally or illegally. There was also an illegal immigrant who hammered his wife to death in Texas over the weekend, you know, that was an illegal alien wife who was killed. So, it isn't just American citizens who aren't being protected, but these republicans and, of course, democrats who claim to speak for oh the poor, the downtrodden, the working class. No, they're speaking for big business who want their cheap labor and they'll externalize their costs, both in terms of taxes and in terms of the crime rate." And "You hear Republicans saying, 'well'  and Democrats, 'Well, of course, no one wants felons in this country.' Well, what are they doing to stop it? Chris Christie was on Fox News this weekend saying, you know, telling us once again that fences just don't work, the human spirit will overcome them. It's like saying buckets don't work. Of course fences work. Americans aren't stupid. Why doesn't Chris Christie say that to Israel or China? Because their fences work just fine."She added, "the media are always hiding that these are immigrants, sometimes illegal, sometimes not illegal, who are committing a lot of these heinous crimes. It's always 'North Carolina Man Indicted on Child Rape.' So, frankly, we don't know after this weekend exactly how many Americans were killed by immigrants in drunk driving accidents, in heinous murders like this one in San Francisco. It'll take a few weeks, maybe a year to wait for the court transcripts for the media to even tell us the truth. The government won't tell us the truth. The media won't tell us the truth. But, the people in America know what the truth is. Unfortunately, the Chamber of Commerce and the Wall Street Journal don't. And most of these Republicans are busy sucking up to the rich and don't care about the workers. You know, I am sick of this nonsense about Donald Trump being the racist here. He's the one who was speaking for working class Americans, for African-Americans. How about  have you seen the black teenaged unemployment rate? Why shouldn't they be getting those jobs? It's Donald Trump who is speaking up for them. And boy, don't think Republican voters aren't keeping a list of who's naughty and nice on denouncing or praising Donald Trump right now."Coulter also talked about the 2016 presidential race, stating that "Now I have a new soft spot in my heart for Sen. Ted Cruz. We always knew he was smart. He's been bad on legal immigration, in the past he wanted to triple what even Rubio wanted. But, he seems to have burned that bridge. So, I think he's going to be pulling ahead in people's estimation. But, Jeb Bush, he said illegal immigration was an act of love. Is he saying every act of immigration was an act of love with this guy who murdered that beautiful woman in San Francisco, was that an act of love of Jeb?" She added that Rick Perry "was the pioneer of the argument that fences don't work, buckets and wheels don't work. It's  the craziest argument I've ever heard. Have they heard of East Germany and the Soviet Union? They wanted to keep people in, we want to keep people out. Fences work just fine."She later argued, "it's going to be very easy for someone like a Sen. Ted Cruz or maybe Scott Walker. ... Because this is a big opening. It's the same opening Ronald Reagan had when the Republican Party was officially for the Equal Rights Amendment, much of the Republican Party was for gun control, much of the Republican Party was for abortion. They are standing with the elites and the Wall Street crowd. You get one Republican to come along and speak straight about what the people want to hear, and the media is always surprised, 'Oh, he's doing so well.' There's a reason Trump is doing well, and I mean, at this point, we just want a Republican who can do math and figure out unless immigrants are voting 51% for Republicans, you're losing Republicans and post-1970 immigrant,s legal immigrants are voting 8-2 for the Democrats. So, this is a suicidal strategy. And I think some of the smarter Republicans will wake up and clean up in the primaries."Coulter concluded, "It's interesting, a lot of these Republicans talk tough when they need our vote, like Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL)80%did running against amnesty, but then got to Washington and spent three years pushing amnesty the Republican Party, their base are working class white males and their wives. That's when Republicans clean up. That's when  the two landslide presidential elections Republicans have won in the last century, Nixon and Reagan, that was appealing directly to that base, and that is exactly what Donald Trump is doing. He's enormously popular with the working class. He's quite popular with black people who want those jobs."
Fox NewsBill O'Reilly said tonight that Donald Trump's immigration analysis is correct and blamed liberal policies for the death of a San Francisco woman at the hands of an illegal immigrant."The Factor" host asserted the "primary mistake" that Trump made in his campaign kickoff speech was "speaking too generally about the border problem.""Most Mexicans who sneak into the USA or overstay their legal visitation status, do so because they are economically deprived. They are largely under-educated folks who are trying to feed their families," O'Reilly said. "Also, the vast majority of illegal aliens do not commit crimes while on American soil apart from their immigration offense."He asserted that there are "big problems stemming from Mexican illegal immigration."O'Reilly said the United States' major supplier of illegal drugs is from drug cartels in Mexico. "ISIS has nothing on these drug cartels," he stated. "They are both savage enterprises.""So Trump is correct in saying that only a massive wall will stop the chaos and even then drugs and people will get through although not to the extent they do now," O'Reilly explained. He stated that Trump is also right about how the majority of Mexicans who are coming to live in America "are not achievers in the economic sense."O'Reilly further asserted that the Obama administration is "complicit" for the murder of San Francisco woman. Kate Steinle was shot last week by Francisco Sanchez, an illegal immigrant who was previously deported multiple times.He explained that Sanchez returned to San Francisco, because it's a "sanctuary city.""The mayor and city supervisors of San Francisco are directly responsible for the murder of Kate Steinle, and the Obama administration is complicit," O'Reilly said.
Fox NewsDonald Trump went "On The Record" tonight, where he reacted to ESPN and NASCAR cutting ties with him over his controversial remarks."It's unbelievable," Trump told Greta Van Susteren. "One was a banquet and one was a golf outing ... The whole thing is crazy."Trump remarked that "they'll both be back next year as soon as things blow over." "Why are they coming at me? Because I'm against illegal immigration," Trump stated. "I speak up for the country ... I'm totally opposed to it ... Frankly, people have given me great credit for talking about it. I brought a subject to light."The 2016 GOP presidential candidate said businesses have bailed on him because "they want to be politically correct." Van Susteren asked Trump if he will drop out of the race because of the backlash he has received. "No, I love it. I'm bringing ... lots of different elements that are very important," Trump replied. "We have incompetent leadership, we have leaders that don't know anything about negotiating, we're getting killed by China, we're getting killed by Mexico, we're getting killed by Japan."He added that "we are a bunch of very very foolishly led people.""I want to make America great again, that's more important to me than my company," Trump stated. "We will never be great if we keep going like this, we will never be great again as a country."
Download PDFDonald J. Trump Media Advisory  Saturday, July 11th, 2015Who: Donald J. Trump What: Mr. Trump will give a speech on illegal immigration and numerous other topics. When: Saturday, July 11th, 2015 at 2:00pm. Press should arrive no later than 1:00pm. Where: Phoenix Convention Center, North Ballroom, 100 north 3rd street Phoenix, AZ 85004Press Contact: Please contact Hope Hicks with any questions relating to Mr. Trump's availability. [emailprotected]
CNNSabine Durden speaks with CNN on her support for Mr. Trump, calling him, "a breath of fresh air"
Download PDFTRUMP TAKES TOP SPOT IN USA TODAY/SUFFOLK UNIVERSITY POLLJuly 14, 2015 (New York, N.Y.) - The latest poll from highly respected USA Today/ Suffolk University shows Donald Trump with 17% at the top of a crowded GOP field. Mr. Trump has been pulling ahead of the competition in recent weeks with his truthful talk on a number of issues, which has been resonating with voters across the country. The USA Today/ Suffolk University poll is one of several recently released polls showing Mr. Trump as a definitive top tier choice for the 2016 Republican Presidential primary.Also released this week, the most recent poll from Reuters, which shows Mr. Trump tied for first place alongside establishment candidate Jeb Bush and the latest results from the Monmouth University poll which shows Mr. Trump in second place with 13%. Both polls contributed to the Huffington Post pollster average showing Mr. Trump as the clear lead amongst the 2016 GOP field. Mr. Trump will be in Laconia, New Hampshire on Thursday for a rally; he will then travel to Arkansas on Friday to meet with voters at the Republican Party of Arkansas's 2015 Reagan Rockefeller Dinner and will visit Iowa on Saturday where he will attend the Family Leadership Summit in Ames.
Download PDFDonald J. Trump Files Personal Financial Disclosure Statement With Federal Election CommissionFor Immediate Release: (New York, NY) July 15, 2015 - Today, Donald J. Trump filed his Personal Financial Disclosure (PFD) forms with the Federal Election Commission (FEC). This report was not designed for a man of Mr. Trump's massive wealth. For instance, they have boxes once a certain number is reached that simply state $50 million or more. Many of these boxes have been checked. As an example, if a building owned by Mr. Trump is worth $1.5 billion, the box checked is "$50,000,000 or more." Mr. Trump stated, "First people said I would never run, and I did. Then, they said, I would never file my statement of candidacy with the FEC, and I did. Next, they said I would never file my personal financial disclosure forms. I filed them early despite the fact that I am allowed two 45 days extensions. Now I have surged in the polls and am fighting to Make America Great Again. I look forward to the challenge of winning the presidency and doing a fantastic job for our country. I will make the United States rich and strong and respected again, but also a country with a 'big heart' toward the care of our people." Mr. Trump's net worth has increased since the more than one year old financial statement produced at his presidential announcement. Real estate values in New York City, San Francisco, Miami and many other places where he owns property have gone up considerably during this period of time. His debt is a very small percentage of value, and at very low interest rates. As of this date, Mr. Trump's net worth is in excess of TEN BILLION DOLLARS. Mr. Trump's income for the year 2014, as reported in the PFD statement, is $362 million dollars (which does not include dividends, interest, capital gains, rents and royalties). In addition, he was successful in choosing multiple stocks which were sold in January 2014. Even though stock market purchases are not something that Mr. Trump has focused on in the past, and while only a small part of his net worth, 40 of the 45 stocks purchased went up in a relatively short period of time, creating a gain of $27,021,471, not including those stocks still remaining in the portfolio which currently have an unrealized gain of over $22 million (schedule attached). Mr. Trump showed almost 500 business entities of which 91% are owned 100% by him. Mr. Trump wrote Trump: The Art of the Deal, one of the bestselling business books of all time, and numerous other bestsellers over the years. NBC/Universal renewed, at the upfronts this year, The Apprentice (for a 15th season), but Mr. Trump decided to turn them down in order to run for President of the United States. NBC was not happy. During the 14 seasons of The Apprentice, Mr. Trump was paid $213,606,575.  For further information please contact:  Corey R. Lewandowski: 646.736.1931  Hope Hicks: 212.715.6785
Donald J. Trump In First Place in One America News Poll in NevadaNevada Poll Shows Mr. Trump is Definitive Leader with Hispanic Support(New York, NY) July 16, 2015- Donald J. Trump maintains his national momentum as the top choice in the crowded Republican field. The latest poll from the fourth in the nation state reveals Mr. Trump as the uncontested leader with 27.7% of voters selecting him as their first choice. Additionally, Mr. Trump has a commanding 31.4% of Hispanic support.Mr. Trump stated, "I love the state of Nevada, have big interests there and employ lots of great people. I am particularly happy with so easily winning tremendous Hispanic support. As I have said, if I win the primary I will win the Hispanic vote--- I will produce jobs and Make America Great Again!"Mr. Trump has also been the GOP leader in several recent national polls including Reuters and USA Today/ Suffolk University. Tonight, Mr. Trump is in Laconia, New Hampshire at a campaign rally. Tomorrow he will travel to Arkansas, followed by Iowa on Saturday.Press Contact:[emailprotected]203-273-0226
Donald J. Trump Announces the Formation of "Veterans for Trump" Coalition in New Hampshire(New York, NY) July 23, 2015  Today, Donald J. Trump, announced the formation of the "Veterans for Trump" Coalition in New Hampshire. These veterans have pledged their support to Mr. Trump in the primary, and they will be advocating for him among other veterans and military families in New Hampshire, where there continues to be overwhelming support for Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump stated, "Our Veterans are incredibly important and I'm proud to have the support of this coalition, especially in New Hampshire, where if I am elected I will build a full-service, first-class VA hospital to ensure all New Hampshire Veterans received the care they deserve. I love all Veterans and will help them finally lead the kind of lives that they should be leading." The Trump for President Veteran's Coalition's co-chairs are: Rep. Werner Horn of Franklin, Rep. Dan Tamburello of Londonderry, Rep. Joe Pitre of Farmington and Jerry Delemus of Rochester. Dan Tamburello of the Marine Corps said, "I believe that Donald Trump has the leadership, the will, the courage, and the unabashed love-of country Americans so desperately crave in the White House. We have some very serious issues facing this country that are going to take a steely-eyed, proven, tough leader to overcome. Furthermore, should Mr. Trump find his way into the White House, he won't owe anything to anyone except the American people. Mr. Trump is a Patriot who loves his country, the American people, and cares about America being respected and great again. I believe he has what it takes to restore the faith of America's allies and be respected by our enemies once more."In addition to forming the New Hampshire Veterans Coalition, earlier this week Mr. Trump established a hotline (855- VETS- 352) and email address ([emailprotected]) for Veterans to share their stories about the need to reform our Veterans Administration. If he is elected President he will take care of these and all Veteran complaints very quickly and efficiently. Veterans for Trump:Rep. Werner Horn, Franklin, Vets Coalition Co-chairRep. Dan Tamburello, Londonderry, Vets Coalition Co-chairRep. Joe Pitre, Farmington, Vets Coalition Co-chairJerry Delemus, Rochester, Vets Coalition Co-chairTony Mayfield, Hillsborough James Johnson, Nashua Robert Kollman, Nashua Hank Vanderbeek, Bedford Michael, Fairley Stratham Edward Anzalond, Nashua David Staplefond, Nashua Dennis Romeo , Hooksett John Mercauto, Conway Alfred Constant, Gilmonton Iron Works Lionel Leblanc, Manchester Marilyn Manfra-Walsh, Bethlehem Frank Candelieri, Merrimack Karl Zahn, Milford Lou Gargiulo, Hampton Falls Dennis Wolfe, Sandown Robert Vallieres, Concord Bob Banks, Hollis Patrick O'Connor, Manchester Jim Densmore , Claremont Ralph Drews, Amherst Robert Krahulec, Weirs Beach Daniel Paul, Nashua Brandon Brown, Pelham Robert Sturtevant, Auburn Edward Cunningham, Candia Joe Capuzzo, Thornton Ray Dewis, West Woodstock Chuck Lindlau, Gilford Bob Hamel, Laconia David Patelle, Warren Roger Rist, Meredith Elaine Sweeny, Manchester Steven Sweeny, Manchester Donald Richards, Laconia Connie Richards, Laconia Ronald Tyo, Somersworth Mike Zayac, Farmington Bruce Berry, Berlin Rodney Cramer, Belmont Earl Gray, Plainfield Bob Peligrino, Derry Douglas Campbell, Manchester Bill McNally, Windham P.G McAdams, Manchester Ernie Fusi, Atkinson Rep Fred Doucette, Salem 
Have you seentoday's poll? What about this Fox poll? We are in first place! All the polls confirm it! We continue to prove we are ready to take our country back and, more than any other candidate; we have the support of the people. Yesterday I traveled to Laredo, Texas to visit the border and meet with local law enforcement officials. We discussed the need for stronger border security and the importance of continuing the national discussion on this issue. Strengthening our border will most benefit legal immigrants and working class Americans. Continuing to allow illegal immigrants to cross a weak border is hurting America's economy.Many politicians in Washington talk about the border but have no idea how dangerous it really is. I went to the border to make sure the American people have the opportunity to see the truth.Meeting with Laredo Mayor Pete Saenz, City Manager Jesus Olivares, and the Laredo Police DepartmentEarlier this week I hosted my South Carolina campaign kickoff. Hundreds of veterans came to watch my speech. I announced the launch of a new hotline, 855  VETS  352, and email address, [emailprotected], for Veterans to share their stories about the need to reform our Veterans Administration. The way veterans are being treated in our country is a disgrace and I am the candidate that will fix it.Meeting with veterans in South CarolinaI made a campaign stop in Nevada to speak at Freedom Fest. In front of 2,000 energized conservatives I made a pledge that I will remake today; as President I will restore the American free market and ensure that companies are incentivized to bring factories and jobs back to American soil.Speaking at Freedom FestI also traveled to Phoenix to host a rally.15,000 people showed up. It was an incredible testament to the deep commitment of the American people to restoring American greatness. We have stayed silent for far too longwatching bad policies wreak havoc on our economy and our nation. I will take care of our veterans, rebuild our military, and secure our borders.Our incredible crowd in Phoenix, AZMost politicians would have backed down after being relentlessly targeted by the media.I will never stop speaking out on behalf of all Americans.We have been bringing our message across America over the past several weeks. In California I met withthe families of six victims who were killed by illegal aliens. Each family shared their story. It was a heartbreaking reminder of why we must secure our border  to make sure no more Americans are senselessly killed by illegal aliens.Our unprotected border is a threat to the stability of our economy, the personal safety of Americans, and our national security. Too many American lives have been lost because our leaders refuse to secure the border.Standing with the families of victimsI also filed myFEC financial disclosure form. I have spent my life building businesses in large American cities and small American towns. I will use my experience to put Americans back to work  and the polls prove that the people know I am the only one who can do it.Some of our enthusiastic supportersThis campaign is about changing Washington. We need to once again have a government that is of the people, for the people and by the people.We will make America Great Again!
I wanted to make sure you had seen the latest poll for Florida. This poll shows us with 26% support  proving our commanding lead in the Sunshine State. We are proud to have the support of hardworking Florida residents and hope that you continue sharing our message to Make America Great Again with your family, friends, and neighbors.Go Team Trump!
I wanted to make sure you had seen the latest polls for New Hampshire. This poll shows us with 24% support  proving we have a commanding lead in the Granite State. We are proud to have the support of hardworking New Hampshire residents and hope that you continue sharing our message with your family, friends, and neighbors.This Saturday, Team Trump in New Hampshire will be marching in the Freedom Old Home Week Parade. Meet at 9am at Freedom Elementary School. 40 Loon Lake Rd. Freedom, NH.Call our New Hampshire office at 603-836-5098 for more details.Go Team Trump!
Download PDFDonald J. Trump leads by a wide margin in South Carolina among every age group and gender according to a new poll by Gravis Marketing.
CNNDonald Trump's Iowa Machine
This Wednesday Donald J. Trump will be hosting a Town Hall Meeting at the Pinkerton Academy (5 Pinkerton St., Derry, NH). We expect a big crowd, so make sure you RSVP.Doors open at 6:00PM, and the Town Hall will begin at 6:30PM. There will be an opportunity for Q&A; following Mr. Trump's remarks.We had a great event in Hampton last weekend, with nearly 3000 people coming out to hear Mr. Trump speak! Thank you to everyone who volunteered or attended.See you Wednesday!Team Trump
Friday is going to break records and we want to make sure you're there. Join tens of thousands of supporters for a Make America Great Again Rally in Mobile, Alabama. Get your ticket here.Ladd-Peebles Stadium1621 Virginia StreetMobile, AL 36604
Download PDFDonald Trump has increased his GOP vote share since last month's debate. The latest Monmouth University Poll of Republican voters nationwide also finds Ben Carson moving into second place, Jeb Bush slipping to third, and Scott Walker fading into the background.
The Tonight Show With Jimmy FallonDonald Trump Interviews himself in the mirror on the September 11th, 2015 episode of the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon
YouTubeDonald Trump Files Paperwork for the South Carolina Ballot
Retired North Carolina Donald J. Trump Supporter
Donald J. Trump Announces New Hires in Georgia, Tennessee and Virginia The Trump Campaign Continues to Bolster State Staff Nationwide While Maintaining Front Runner Status  (New York, NY) September 22, 2015 - Donald J. Trump today announced the appointment of Seth Weathers as Georgia State Director and Darren Morris as Tennessee State Director. Mr. Weathers brings a decade of experience in politics at both the national and state levels and will be charged with the day to day operations in Georgia where Mr. Trump is currently leading the Republican Primary field with 30% in the most recent state poll. Mr. Morris, also a seasoned political operative, has worked on several Presidential races and will serve as the State Director of Tennessee for the Trump campaign. Mr. Trump stated, "It is great to welcome Seth and Darren as we continue to build our team around the country and organize in early states. We have received great support in Georgia and Tennessee where my message to create jobs, secure our border, strengthen our military and take care of our vets resonates strongly with voters who are ready to Make America Great Again." Seth Weathers came to the political arena from a tech and business background and is the founder of Weathers Corp, which services both corporate and political clients. Seth is formerly Chairman of The Gwinnett Young Republicans, Georgia GOP State Committee, 7th District Committee for the Georgia GOP, Fulton County GOP Executive Committee, and Board of Directors Live Oak Republicans. He was previously nominated by U.S. Senator Saxby Chambliss to the US Senate Leadership Summit for Young Professional in DC, and is an Atlanta Power 30 Under 30 Award Winner. Darren Morris is president of Morris Global Strategies, a public affairs and political consulting firm based in Nashville, Tennessee. For over two decades, Morris has served a wide array of political campaigns, corporations and associations across the United States and the European Union. He began his career in presidential campaigns in 1996, when he served in the press operation for Lamar Alexander and has worked in each presidential campaign cycle since then, as well as in various communications positions for each Republican National Convention. Additionally, Dena Espenscheid will serve as Field Director for the Trump Campaign in Virginia. Dena brings more than two decades of experience in grassroots organizing, campaign management, public policy, and grassroots lobbying. Most recently, Dena taught grassroots advocacy in Florida to Tea Party and 9-12 groups for American Majority, and build a network of conservative women's clubs in Virginia. Mr. Trump maintains his definitive front- runner status by a wide margin in all of the most recent polls including NBC News, Zogby, CNN, and Morning Consult. He will be in South Carolina on Wednesday and will visit Oklahoma on Friday.
CBS NewsPicture a bar graph that averages the best political polls. Donald Trump stands above the crowded skyline of Republican candidates like one of his boastful buildings. First in the nation, first in Iowa, first in New Hampshire, and first, for the last 11 weeks. Political architects are amazed because Trump rose on a shaky foundation, his "shoot from the lip" style managed to offend women, Latinos, and American POWs. Now, with summer over, and four months to Iowa, voters captivated by a larger than life personality begin to want the fine details. That's what we were looking for, this past Tuesday, when we met Trump, on top, in his Fifth Avenue penthouse in Manhattan. He surprised us with news about his tax plan.
The O'Reilly FactorSep. 29, 2015 - 5:16 - GOP presidential hopeful joins 'The O'Reilly Factor' to discuss campaign politics and fairnessWatch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Donald J. Trump Announces State Directors in Florida, Texas and Virginia Mr. Trump Continues to Build a Strategic and Significant National Campaign Team  (New York, NY) October 2, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced the expansion of his campaign team with the addition of state directors in Florida, Texas and Virginia. Karen R. Giorno will serve as Trump campaign state director in Florida, Corbin Casteel will serve as Trump campaign state director in Texas and Mike Rubino will serve as Trump campaign state director in Virginia. Last week Mr. Trump announced new campaign hires in Georgia and Tennessee as well as Field Staff in Virginia. The Trump Campaign also has staff in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada. Mr. Trump stated, "We are in this to win it. These staff additions are the continuation of our plan to have a strategic and significant presence across the country. I am pleased that my vision to Make America Great Again has generated so much support and such a positive response that we are leading in all the polls. By adding to our team in these critical states we will be able to build on the tremendous support we have received and share our message with even more voters in these states.,. . I look forward to being in these states even more as I continue to share my ideas about how to put America back on top!" Karen Giorno is a Political and External Affairs Specialist with 25 years experience in public relations, communications, organizational management, and presidential advance operations. She previously served as Director of External Affairs for Governor Rick Scott (R-FL). Corbin Casteel has vast experience in Political Strategy and Corporate Communications Consulting including previous positions with the Republican National Committee and the Republican Party of Texas. Michael Rubino has worked in varying capacities on twenty political campaigns to elect conservatives in nine different states. Recently, he worked closely with Congressman Dave Brat.
CNNCorey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's campaign manager, speaks out about the current strategy of the campaign and more.
Donald J. Trump Announces State Directors in Alabama and Illinois Mr. Trump Continues to Build a Substantial Campaign Team Across the Country (New York, NY) October 9, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced Chess Bedsole will serve as the Campaign State Director in Alabama and Kent Gray will serve as the Campaign State Director in Illinois. Mr. Trump stated, "My message to Make America Great Again has been so overwhelmingly well received, drawing record crowds and putting me in first place in all the polls. America is crippled right now and Washington, DC is broken. Our politicians are not capable or competent enough to fix our problems. We will continue to build out a substantial campaign team that allows us to take our message across the country and continue to share my vision to Make America Great Again". Chess Bedsole is a lawyer and municipal judge who lives in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. Bedsole previously served as Counsel in the United States Senate and was dispatched to Broward County, Florida during the 2000 Presidential election for the recount effort of President George W. Bush. Since returning home to Alabama, Mr. Bedsole has represented numerous candidates and officials across the state as well as the Alabama Republican Party. Kent Gray is a Republican strategist and attorney in Illinois. During his twenty-five year career, Kent has worked on seven national presidential campaigns, along with numerous state and local races. As an attorney, Kent has handled ballot access issues for dozens of candidates for offices from President of the United States to school board members. In addition to staff in Alabama and Illinois, the Trump Campaign has staff in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Nevada, Florida, Texas, Tennessee, Georgia and Virginia and is headquartered in New York.
(New York, NY) October 13, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump is announcing that State Senator Brad Zaun is endorsing his candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States.Mr. Trump stated, "I am grateful to have the endorsement of Senator Zaun who understands what is at stake in this election. Our country faces tough challenges. But America can be bigger and better than ever before. It will require leadership and a commitment to do what is right even when it may not be popular among the elites in Washington, D.C. who have created more problems than they have solved. With the support of Senator Zaun and so many other conservatives across the country, we will Make America Great Again".Senator Brad Zaun was first elected to the Iowa Senate in 2004. Before serving in the Iowa Senate, Senator Zaun was the mayor of Urbandale, and owner and operator of Zaun's Trustworthy Hardware. He is currently Director of Sales at Master Dowel in Ankeny. Senator Zaun supported Governor Scott Walker before he dropped out of the race."I am proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for the Republican nomination for President of the United States," said Senator Zaun. "For me public service is about doing what is right for the people and following through on what you say you will do. I am confident that Mr. Trump will be that kind of President and that he has the leadership skills necessary to make America great again."
(New York, NY) October 15, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump is announcing that 23 Oklahoma leaders are endorsing his candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States. The list highlights the breadth and depth of support Mr. Trump's campaign is receiving and includes State Senators and Representatives as well as small business owners and community leaders. Mr. Trump stated, "I am grateful to have the support of so many leaders in Oklahoma. These individuals share my concern for our country and know that our challenges are not going to be solved by career politicians in Washington, D.C. With their support and the support of so many other conservatives across the country, we are going to Make America Great Again". The list of Oklahoma leaders endorsing Mr. Trump today includes: Senator Ralph Shortey; Senator Mark Allen; Representative Mike Christian; Representative John Bennett; Representative Mike Turner; Bob Mills; Rodney Timms; Dr. Sam & Lynn Coury; Carol & Robert Hefner, IV; Bob Dani; Stan Ward; Lisa & Steven Kalman; Ferlin Kearns; Larry Stein; Darren Ward; Angie & Jason Thomas; Lester Claraval; and Guy & Jennifer Madison. More endorsements from additional Oklahoma leaders will be forthcoming.
Trump Campaign Notifies Super PAC's to Stop Unauthorized Fundraising and Return Donations (New York, NY) October 23rd, 2015 - Donald J. Trump today announced he sent notices Wednesday disavowing nine unauthorized Super PAC's claiming to support him in his bid for the Republican nomination for President of the United States and subsequently demanding the return of all funds raised. Mr. Trump is self-funding his campaign and is only accepting unsolicited small dollar donations, of which he has received more than 75,000 with an average amount of $50 since launching his campaign. He has repeatedly stated his opposition to the use of Super PAC's and major contributions, which he has consistently turned down since announcing his candidacy and is calling on all candidates to do the same. Mr. Trump stated, "I am self-funding my campaign and therefore I will not be controlled by the donors, special interests and lobbyists who have corrupted our politics and politicians for far too long. I have disavowed all Super PAC's, requested the return of all donations made to said PAC's, and I am calling on all Presidential candidates to do the same. The character of our country is only as strong as our leaders---the only special interest I am beholden to is the American people and together we will Make America Great Again!" The letters, produced by Mr. Trump's campaign counsel, were sent on Wednesday, October 21st, 2015 and disavow all fundraising activities based on the confusion said PAC's could potentially cause with supporters across the country. Additionally, the letters request the return of any donations made to date. The letters state, "We are providing this written notice that your organization is not authorized to use Mr. Trump's name and likeness in connection with its fundraising activities, and we are formally disavowing such activities. Thus, given the invocation of Donald J. Trump in connection with your activities, we ask that you refund all funds received by you in connection with any fundraising undertaken to specifically support and/or done in the name of Donald J. Trump...The campaign has never received money from your PAC, nor does the campaign want any money, services or goods from your committee." While Mr. Trump appreciates the incredible outpouring of grassroots support from all over the country he will continue to campaign with integrity, wholly independent of the dark money, donor class perpetuating a broken Washington, D.C. and the all talk, no action politicians propped up by donations representing corporate interests. Mr. Trump's only interest is to represent the people of the United States and Make America Great Again.
(New York, NY) October 29th, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. has qualified for the ballot in Nevada and Kentucky. Mr. Trump attended a campaign rally in Sparks, Nevada today where he spoke about his vision to Make America Great Again to a capacity crowd. It was the largest campaign event in Nevada by any candidate this cycle and Mr. Trump's second trip to Nevada this month. The Trump campaign also announced it has officially made the ballot in Kentucky. Mr. Trump said, "I greatly appreciate the professional service shown by the representatives of the states of Nevada and Kentucky. It is my great honor to be on the ballot in these important states and I look forward to Making America Great Again." Last week, the campaign announced official ballot access in Maine and Kansas. Mr. Trump delivered yet another commanding performance at the third Republican Presidential debate in Boulder, Colorado last night and will be in Norfolk, Virginia on Saturday delivering a speech to a packed crowd aboard the USS Wisconsin.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 videohttp://mms.tveyes.com/PlaybackPortal.aspx?SavedEditID=01ecaabf-b0cf-4b64-b7ae-f7a13b938296
Donald J. Trump Officially Filed to be on the Ballot in New HampshireMr. Trump Became the First Major Republican Candidate to File for Ballot Access in the First in the Nation Primary State(Concord, New Hampshire) November 4th, 2015 - Donald J. Trump is the first major Republican candidate to officially file to be on the ballot in the first in the nation primary state of New Hampshire. Mr. Trump was joined by hundreds of supporters today at the New Hampshire State House including Secretary of State Bill Gardner and State Representatives Steve Stepanek, Fred Doucette, and Al Baldassaro. Mr. Trump has led every state poll in New Hampshire for more than one hundred days and continues to generate great support and excitement at rallies and town hall events.Mr. Trump will be back in New Hampshire for a town hall event next week on Veteran's Day. The Trump Campaign has an offices located in Manchester, New Market, Colbrook and Keene. With ten paid staffers and thousands of volunteers across the state this is the largest organization of any GOP candidate in New Hampshire this cycle. Most recently, the Trump Campaign released a list of over 1,000 endorsements from supporters representing every demographic across the Granite State.

Donald J. Trump Addresses Highly Detrimental Currency Manipulation(New York, NY) November 10th, 2015- Donald J. Trump today unveiled his most recent policy on trade reforms, highlighting his position in a Wall Street Journal op-ed entitled Ending China's Currency Manipulation. Mr. Trump has consistently been a strong critic of these tactics that prohibit fair trade and have been largely neglected by the all talk, no action politicians that have failed us for far too long. Mr. Trumpoutlines common sense solutions to address the major threat of currency manipulation and trade reforms that will Make America Great Again.How We Got Here: Washington Politicians Let China Off The HookIn January 2000, President Bill Clinton boldly promised China's inclusion in the World Trade Organization (WTO) "is a good deal for America. Our products will gain better access to China's market, and every sector from agriculture, to telecommunications, to automobiles. But China gains no new market access to the United States." None of what President Clinton promised came true. Since China joined the WTO, Americans have witnessed the closure of more than 50,000 factories and the loss of tens of millions of jobs. It was not a good deal for America then and it's a bad deal now. It is a typical example of how politicians in Washington have failed our country.The most important component of our China policy is leadership and strength at the negotiating table. We have been too afraid to protect and advance American interests and to challenge China to live up to its obligations. We need smart negotiators who will serve the interests of American workers - not Wall Street insiders that want to move U.S. manufacturing and investment offshore.The Goal Of The Trump Plan: Fighting For American Businesses And WorkersAmerica has always been a trading nation. Under the Trump administration trade will flourish. However, for free trade to bring prosperity to America, it must also be fair trade. Our goal is not protectionism but accountability. America fully opened its markets to China but China has not reciprocated. Its Great Wall of Protectionism uses unlawful tariff and non-tariff barriers to keep American companies out of China and to tilt the playing field in their favor.If you give American workers a level playing field, they will win. At its heart, this plan is a negotiating strategy to bring fairness to our trade with China. The results will be huge for American businesses and workers. Jobs and factories will stop moving offshore and instead stay here at home. The economy will boom. The steps outlined in this plan will make that a reality.When Donald J. Trump is president, China will be on notice that America is back in the global leadership business and that their days of currency manipulation and cheating are over. We will cut a better deal with China that helps American businesses and workers compete. The Trump Plan Will Achieve The Following Goals:1. Bring China to the bargaining table by immediately declaring it a currency manipulator.2. Protect American ingenuity and investment by forcing China to uphold intellectual property laws and stop their unfair and unlawful practice of forcing U.S. companies to share proprietary technology with Chinese competitors as a condition of entry to China's market.3. Reclaim millions of American jobs and reviving American manufacturing by putting an end to China's illegal export subsidies and lax labor and environmental standards. No more sweatshops or pollution havens stealing jobs from American workers.4. Strengthen our negotiating position by lowering our corporate tax rate to keep American companies and jobs here at home, attacking our debt and deficit so China cannot use financial blackmail against us, and bolstering the U.S. military presence in the East and South China Seas to discourage Chinese adventurism.The entire plan can be viewed here:www.DonaldJTrump.com/positions/us-china-trade-reform.
Fox NewsDonald Trump leads the race for the Republican nomination in New Hampshire, while Bernie Sanders edges Hillary Clinton among Democrats.That's according to the latest Fox News poll, released Wednesday, and conducted since Friday's terrorist attacks in Paris.Trump leads with 27 percent of New Hampshire Republican primary voters. Marco Rubio receives the support of 13 percent, just above Ted Cruz at 11 percent. That's it for the double-digit candidates.CLICK HERE TO READ THE POLL RESULTSJeb Bush and Ben Carson garner 9 percent each, followed by John Kasich at 7 percent and Chris Christie at 6 percent. Just three percent back Carly Fiorina and Rand Paul, while Lindsey Graham, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum get one percent each. There are differences in how some candidates are doing in New Hampshire versus their recent national standing (pre-Paris). For example, Carson is Trump's closest competitor nationally, yet he doesn't break double digits here. And the reverse is true for Bush, Christie and Kasich, who do better in New Hampshire than nationally.The poll, however, also shows that the race is in flux: 55 percent of GOP primary voters say they could change their mind before February's balloting. Less than half, 44 percent, feel certain of their choice. When asked about their second choice candidate, GOP primary voters put Carson at the top of the list at 16 percent. Rubio is close behind at 13 percent and Trump at 11 percent.When first and second-choice preferences are combined, Trump (38 percent) and Rubio (26 percent) are still at the top. However, Carson (25 percent) moves above Cruz (20 percent) and Bush (16 percent).The favorites among those NH GOP primary voters who identify as "very" conservative are Cruz (27 percent), Trump (26 percent), Carson (13 percent) and Rubio (13 percent).Here's how the race for the Democratic nomination stands: Sanders has a razor-thin one-point edge over Clinton -- 45-44 percent. Martin O'Malley gets 5 percent. Sanders can thank younger voters for his edge. Those under age 45 back him by 29 points (59-30 percent). Those ages 45 and over are more likely to support Clinton by 17 points (52-35 percent). Men go for Sanders over Clinton by 49-37 percent. Among women, the vote divides 48 percent for Clinton vs. 42 percent for Sanders. Potential General Election MatchupsAll the candidates remain below 50 percent in the hypothetical matchups tested in this battleground state. Although Trump is the top choice of Republican primary voters, he performs the worst against Clinton in general election ballot tests. Clinton bests Trump by seven points (47-40 percent), Cruz by three points (44-41 percent) and Christie by one (44-43 percent).Clinton and Fiorina tie at 43 percent each. Four Republican candidates come out ahead of the presumptive Democratic nominee: Rubio is ahead by 7 points (47-40 percent), Bush (45-42 percent) and Kasich (43-40 percent) are up by 3 points each, and Carson has a 2-point edge (45-43 percent). President Barack Obama won New Hampshire in both the 2012 presidential election (by 52-46 percent over Republican Mitt Romney) and in 2008 (by 54-45 percent over Republican John McCain).Among New Hampshire voters overall, about 6 in 10 are unhappy with the way things are going in the country today (58 percent), including 31 percent who are "not at all" satisfied. Nearly 9 of 10 Republicans are dissatisfied with how things are going (86 percent), compared to 60 percent of independents and 29 percent of Democrats. That dissatisfaction is reflected in Obama's performance rating, as more New Hampshire voters disapprove (50 percent) than approve (43 percent) of the job he is doing.The Fox News Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R). The poll was conducted November 15-17, 2015, by telephone (landline and cellphone) with live interviewers among a sample of 804 New Hampshire registered voters selected from a statewide voter file. Results based on the full sample have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points, and 5.5 points for Democratic primary voters and 5 points for Republican primary voters. The hypothetical matchups were split sampled, which means each question was only asked of half the sample and the results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 points.
Mr. Trump and Supporters Echo Key Campaign Messages in Early States and Beyond with New Radio Spots(New York, NY) November 18th, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. began airing new radio advertisements in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina. The ads are part of a $300,000 buy announced earlier this month and feature Mr. Trump, Campaign Co-Chair and Iowa Republican Sam Clovis, New Hampshire resident and Trump for President supporter, Louise Buck.With recent events putting an added emphasis on illegal immigration, homeland security, strengthening our military, and defeating ISIS, which have been cornerstones of Mr. Trump's campaign since its inception, the ads highlight his vision, leadership and competency.Mr. Trump stated, "We must address Islamic terrorism and protect our country first. I will lead by example, as I always have, by vowing to defeat ISIS, stop illegal immigration and the Syrian refugee program, secure our border and bring real change to Washington, D.C. I am the only one who can Make America Great Again."The ads stress the need for real change in Washington, D.C. in order to address problems created by the "all talk, no action politicians" that have failed American's for far too long. Mr. Trump reminds voters he is self-funding his campaign, unlike all the other republican candidates who are funded by scam Super PAC's, lobbyists, and special interests. His financial independence and proven leadership as a job creator and businessman with a hugely successful career built on real results serve as yet another major distinction.Sam Clovis is an Iowa based conservative serving as national Co-Chair for the campaign. He describes Mr. Trump's candidacy as historical and reinforces Mr. Trump's unparalleled success and proven capability to get things done. Louise Buck is a New Hampshire resident who voices her concerns about homeland security and her support for Mr. Trump as the only choice for a Commander in Chief that will protect American families first.The new advertisements can be heard at:www.donaldjtrump.com/media/category/ads.
Trump Team Continues Momentum in Virginia after Submitting 16,000 Petitions for Ballot Access(New York, NY) November 18th, 2015 - The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has announced its Southwest Virginia Leadership Team comprised of current and former local elected officials and party leaders.Mr. Trump stated, "It is an honor to be on ballot in the state of Virginia where we have a great staff and team of volunteers in place. I am pleased to announce the Southwest Virginia Leadership Team as we continue to be successful in Virginia and across the country."Jack Morgan, the former Chairman of the Ninth Congressional District Republican Party will serve as Chairman of the Ninth District Team. Former Buchanan County Commonwealth's Attorney Tamara Neo will serve as Mr. Morgan's Co-Chair."It is an honor to support Mr. Trump, who is a proven leader with unparalleled capabilities and successes. He is undoubtedly the strongest candidate and he continues to generate unprecedented enthusiasm across the state of Virginia and around the country. I look forward to working with the staff and volunteers here in Virginia as we share Mr. Trump's vision to Make America Great Again."Other members of the leadership team include former Allegheny/Covington Republican Party Chairman, Derrick Barr, Tazewell County Supervisor, Seth White, Christiansburg Town Councilman, Harry Collins, Richlands Mayor, Jan White, Richlands Vice Mayor, Doug Ratliff and the former Sheriff of Patrick County, Jay Gregory.Virginians in Southwest Virginia have born the brunt of the failed and misguided government policies for years. Overreaching regulations and the Obama Administration's outright war on coal has uprooted and destroyed families and entire communities that have lived in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia for generations.Horrible trade deals such as NAFTA, which Mr. Trump has consistently opposed, have shipped manufacturing jobs overseas, and crippled the area economically. America, now more than ever, needs a true leader with proven ideas and real world experience to fix Washington. Mr. Trump is the only one who can Make America Great Again.Mr. Trump has visited Virginia several times since launching his campaign in June and was recently the first Republican candidate to qualify for ballot access after submitting 16,000 signatures. Last month, Mr. Trump hosted a capacity crowd at a rally in Richmond and weeks later unveiled his Veterans Affairs Reform Plan in Norfolk, Virginia with thousands in attendance at the USS Wisconsin. Mr. Trump owns the award winning Trump Winery in Charlottesville, Virginia where he employs hundreds of people and visits often. He will return to Virginia early next month.
Trump Campaign Continues to Expand With Two Hires in North Carolina(New York, NY) November 19th, 2015 - Donald J. Trump is continuing to expand his operation across the country announcing two additional hires based in North Carolina. Earl Phillip will serve as State Director and Taylor Playforth will serve as Deputy State Director.Mr. Trump stated, "It is great to announce the additions of Earl and Taylor who will be valuable members of our operation in North Carolina, where I have been leading in every poll for many months. I look forward to being back in North Carolina soon as I continue to share my vision to Make America Great Again!"Earl Phillip previously served as the North Carolina African American State Director for the Republican National Committee (RNC), Director of The Frederick Douglass Foundation in the Greater Charlotte Area, Chairman of National Veterans for Republicans Association and Chairman of National Minority Conservative Convention. Earl also consulted for the Director of Minority Engagement for the NCGOP. He is the President and owner of Innovative Consulting Services and the current Director of North Carolina Black Engagement.Earl Phillip said, "North Carolina is a very strong Republican State that knows and understands upfront, common-sense leadership. Mr. Trump exudes that leadership. I will lead the campaign's effort here in North Carolina to further continue that leadership."Taylor joins the campaign as a Raleigh based Republican activist who previously worked with the RNC on voter registration efforts, organized volunteers across the state and lead Republican leadership courses with a focus on galvanizing grassroots support for the North Carolina Republican Party. He has also worked as the Regional Field Director for RNC Deployment.Taylor Playforth added, "It is truly a privilege to be working alongside Mr. Trump, supporting his vision to Make America Great Again, one that I feel resonates strongly among North Carolina voters. Mr. Trump's record of success and strong leadership is unmatched in this election. I look forward to working with the staff and volunteers here in North Carolina, to make sure his message is heard by the great people of our state."Mr. Trump has led all local North Carolina Polls by a significant margin since June and has visited North Carolina on several occasions over the past few months. He will return in December.
Trump Campaign Solidifies Florida Operation as Mr. Trump Surges in Local Polls(New York, NY) November 24th, 2015 - Donald J. Trump today announced the addition of four staff members joining his operation in Florida as he continues to lead all state polls by wide, double-digit margins. Jennifer R. Locetta will serve as Deputy State Director, Ken Mayo has been named Director of Field Operations, John Ross Pughe is joining as the Southeast Regional Field Director, and Craig Bachler will serve as Director of Coalitions. Mr. Trump stated, "I have created thousands of jobs and own some of the most iconic assets in the state. I love the people of Florida and I am proud to have such overwhelming support and a great staff in place. I look forward to visiting often and working with my team to share my vision to Make America Great Again." Jennifer R. Locetta has an extensive background related to data organization and grassroots voter contacts. In 2012, she served as Statewide Data Director for the Republican Party of Florida and worked at the Romney for President Headquarters in Tampa. After four years in the US Navy Ken Mayo began a political career spanning three decades. Most recently, Ken has held positions with American Majority in 2011, AFP in 2012-2013 as Florida's Manager of Field Operations, and Coalition for a Prosperous America (CPA is a national trade association). Additionally, Ken was recruited to be the National Coalitions Director for Convention of States Project.John Pughe has been involved in Florida politics for more than a decade. He served as the Director of Community Affairs for the Northern Palm Beach County Chamber Commerce. Prior to joining the chamber, John served as Legislative Aide to State Representative George Moraitis. He also managed Fort Lauderdale City Commissioner Romney Rogers' municipal campaign and Representative Moraitis' bid for State House. Craig Bachler is a well-known for his grassroots activism, as a volunteer and full time organizer of statewide and national campaigns. He previously served as the Florida Director of Field Operations for Rick Santorum for President, grassroots leader and organizer for Governor Rick Scott, and Pat Buchanan for President in 1992 and 1996 in New Hampshire. The Trump Campaign announced Florida State Director Karen Giorno and Co-Chairs Joe Gruters and Susie Wiles last month. Mr. Trump has visited Florida numerous times throughout his campaign and will return to Sarasota for a rally on Saturday, November 28th.
Former Congressman Virgil Goode and Fifth District Leaders Stand with Mr. Trump(New York, NY) November 25th, 2015 - The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has announced its 5th Congressional District Virginia Leadership Team comprised of Republican and Tea Party leaders as well as current and former elected officials. Mr. Trump stated, "I am proud to announce these fantastic additions to my Virginia leadership team. We have had tremendous crowds and enthusiasm from supporters across the state. I will do a great job for the people of Virginia and with their help we will Make America Great Again!"Former Congressman Virgil Goode, will serve as Chairman of the Fifth District Team. Danville Tea Party Chairman and Pittsylvania County Supervisor-elect Ron Scearce and Campbell County Supervisor and GOP Chairman Eric Zehr will serve as Goode's co-chairs.Virgil Goode stated, "Contrary to the claims of the political consultant class, Mr. Trump is the only candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton. Millions of Republican voters stayed home in 2008 and 2012 because they felt the GOP represented the interests of Wall Street rather than those of working Americans. Donald Trump is the best candidate to connect with those voters who feel disaffected from both parties."Other members of the leadership team include Republican Party of Virginia State Central Committee Member Renee Trent Maxey, local political activist and businessman Jim McKelvey, and Lynchburg-area attorney Susan Oliver.The Trump Campaign announced Hampton Roads Chairman, Gary C. Byler last month as well as additions to the Virginia staff. Mr. Trump has visited Virginia many times throughout his campaign, most recently on October 31st when he announced his Veterans Affairs Reform policy in Norfolk. Mr. Trump will return to Manassas for a rally on Wednesday, December 2nd.
Donald J. Trump today demanded an apology from the failing New York Times which accused him (during a major speech before 10,000 people in Myrtle Beach, SC) of mocking a reporter's physical disability when in fact, Mr. Trump does not know anything about the reporter or anything about what the reporter looks like.He was merely mocking the fact that the reporter was trying to pull away from a story that he wrote 14 years ago. Mr. Trump stated, "Serge Kovaleski must think a lot of himself if he thinks I remember him from decades ago  if I ever met him at all, which I doubt I did. He should stop using his disability to grandstand and get back to reporting for a paper that is rapidly going down the tubes."
Mr. Trump's Plan to Reform the Veterans Administration Lauded by Tireless Veterans' Advocate(New York, NY) November 28, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced that he is proudly receiving the endorsement of Kathryn "Kat" Gates-Skipper, the First Woman Marine in Combat Operations and tireless Veterans' advocate. Gates-Skipper will serve as Co-Chair of Florida Veterans for Donald Trump. Kathryn introduced Mr. Trump at a campaign rally in Sarasota on Saturday.Mr. Trump stated, "It is a great honor to receive Kat's endorsement. She is a genuine patriot who has worked tirelessly in service to our country and her fellow Veterans. With her support and the support of so many other Veterans across the country, we are going to Make America Great Again."Kathryn "Kat" Gates-Skipper served 20 years in the U.S. Marine Corps and Reserves. During her two decades of service, she was the First Woman Marine (WM) to stay overnight in the field for combat training, and the first to stay aboard a Ship overnight. She was heavily involved in Operations Desert Shield/Desert Storm and was the First WM in Combat Operations. Kat has received countless awards and recognition for her service including the Marine Corps Distinguished Service Award. A voice and advocate for Veterans, Kat is a life member of the American Legion, VFW and Marine Corps League-where she is the only female and youngest Marine at her local Detachment."I believe America needs strong leadership and a man like Donald Trump who will be strong on defense and ensure our Veterans have convenient access to the best quality care," said Gates-Skipper. "This Marine, this Veteran, this woman, this grandmother wants her grandchildren to grow up in an America of hard work with high rewards. That is why I am proud to be the Co-Chair of the Florida Veterans for Donald Trump, and pledge to rally other Veterans behind the only man that will fight for us, Donald J. Trump." Mr. Trump has consistently called for better treatment of our Veterans and his support is well documented. Mr. Trump's recently released Veterans Administration Reform plan has received praise from Veterans all over the country.Thousands attended the rally in Sarasota on Saturday, where Mr. Trump returned for the first time since he was honored with the Republican Party of Sarasota Statesmen of the Year award for the second time this spring. He continues to visit Florida regularly where his campaign office is located in Sarasota [1517 State Street, Suite 300], and he owns and operates some of the most iconic properties in the country employing thousands of people. On Monday, Mr. Trump will host an informational meet and greet with many members of the Coalition of African American Ministers. This is not a press event, but a private meeting, after which, a number of attendees are expected to endorse Mr. Trump's campaign for President. Mr. Trump said, "As a Christian, I have had a tremendous relationship with large numbers of religious leaders, who I greatly respect. I look forward to our meeting."
(New York, NY) November 30, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. announced the campaign has officially filed to be on the ballot of the March 22, 2016 Arizona Presidential Preference Election, the March 15 Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Republican Party Presidential Caucus, the March 12 Presidential Preference Convention in the District of Columbia, the March 1 Vermont Presidential Primary Election and the March 19 U.S. Virgin Islands Republican Caucus.Mr. Trump stated, "It is my honor to be on the ballot in Arizona, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the District of Columbia, Vermont and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We are going to make this country better than it has ever been before by building a wall to secure our southern border, creating jobs, strengthening our military, taking care of our Vets and protecting our country. We will Make America Great Again!"Mr. Trump last visited Arizona this summer when more than 10,000 people attended his rally in Phoenix where he addressed illegal immigration and the importance of border security in order to protect American families and jobs.Mr. Trump has visited Washington, D.C. frequently since announcing his campaign. He employs thousands of people at his D.C based properties including the iconic Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue, which he is redeveloping into a luxury hotel. The project is under budget and ahead of schedule. Mr. Trump will host a campaign rally in Manassas, Virginia on Wednesday evening and will be a featured speaker at the RJC Presidential Forum in Washington, D.C. on Thursday.Mr. Trump continues to be the definitive front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination with a significant lead in all national polls.
The Coalition of African American Ministers attended a private meeting today with leading Presidential candidate Donald J. Trump at Trump Tower in New York City to discuss issues of faith, job creation, illegal immigration and unifying communities to Make America Great Again. The two-hour meeting was attended by dozens of Pastors and Bishops from across the country.After the meeting Mr. Trump attended a large, impromptu press conference and stated, "This was an extraordinary meeting of religious leaders many of whom have decided to endorse me--- such a great honor! I look forward to future meetings with the Coalition of African American Ministers."Bruce LeVell of Atlanta, GA said "The misinformation that Pastors and Bishops had heard in the past was quickly dispelled by having an honest discussion with Mr. Trump. He shared with us openly about the needs to help our communities as well as addressed important issues that have been cornerstones of his campaign. It is my honor to endorse Mr. Trump."Pastor Darrell Scott, a member of the Coalition who also endorsed Mr. Trump and helped organize the meeting stated, "Mr. Trump is a real leader and I have great respect for his honesty and candor. He is going to make our country great again and I am proud to endorse his campaign for President."The meeting was considered a great success by all those in attendance and many of the attendees were impressed by Mr. Trump's honesty, leadership and vision.
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
(New York, NY) December 4, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. announced the campaign has officially qualified to be on the ballot of the March 1st, 2016 Georgia Presidential Preference Primary, the March 5th Louisiana Presidential Preference Primary, the March 15th Missouri Presidential Preference Primary, the March 1st Tennessee Presidential Preference Primary and the March 22nd Utah Republican Party Presidential Caucus. Mr. Trump stated, "It is my honor to be on the ballot in Georgia, Louisiana, Missouri, Tennessee and Utah. I have visited Tennessee and Georgia many times and we have tremendous crowds and support from the great people there and I look forward to campaigning in Louisiana, Missouri, and Utah soon. We are leading in all the polls and with your help we will Make America Great Again!" Mr. Trump was in Macon, Georgia on Monday night where thousands attended his second rally in the SEC state. Mr. Trump visited Knoxville, Tennessee on November 16th and hosted 10,000 people at his third major rally in the state where he spoke about foreign policy and homeland security. Mr. Trump continues to be the definitive front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination with a significant lead in all national polls, including today's CNN/ORC poll, showing Mr. Trump with 36% support and a 20 point lead over his closest rival. Tonight, Mr. Trump will host a capacity crowd in Raleigh, North Carolina and will be making two stops in Iowa this weekend.
Fox NewsDonald Trump discusses climate change and energy policy with Bill O'Reilly
(New York, NY) December 7th, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced the expansion of his campaign team to include state directors in Massachusetts and Mississippi. Dean Cavaretta will serve as Trump campaign State Director in Massachusetts and Dane Maxwell will serve as Trump campaign State Director in Mississippi.Mr. Trump stated, "I love Massachusetts and have many great friends there, with a recent poll showing me in first place with 48%. The support has been incredible and I look forward to being there again soon and visiting Mississippi for the first time. With support from these two important states we will Make America Great Again!"Dean Cavaretta has more than 20 years of experience in local and state politics, including serving as special projects director to Lieutenant Governor Polito with the Baker-Polito gubernatorial campaign and advising the Massachusetts Republican Party on high-profile special election races. Most recently he served on the staff of Worcester County Sheriff Lew Evangelidis. Dane Maxwell is a former law enforcement officer, business man and political consultant who has been actively involved in state and local politics for 40 years. During that time, Dane has worked on numerous local and statewide elections developing successful ground operations for Republican candidates.Mr. Trump has held three campaign events in Massachusetts since announcing his candidacy, most recently hosting 12,000 people at a rally in Worcester. Mr. Trump has tremendous support across the state with a Mount Pleasant South Carolina tonight, with thousands expected to attend his campaign rally on the USS Yorktown. Later this week he will travel to Des Moines, Iowa and return to South Carolina on Saturday the 12th.
Donald J. Trump Announces Statewide Leadership Team in OklahomaMr. Trump is now Officially on the Ballot in Oklahoma as he Expands his Support Across the State(New York, NY) December 8th, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced his Oklahoma Statewide Chairmen and a growing number of endorsements for his campaign for President of the United States. The list includes elected officials, Veterans, small business owners, and county leaders. Additionally, the Trump campaign has announced Mr. Trump has officially qualified for the ballot in the state of Oklahoma.Mr. Trump said, "I am proud to have the support of so many community leaders in Oklahoma and it is an honor to be on the ballot. I visited in September and was overwhelmed by the enthusiasm at the State Fair where over 20,000 people attended my speech. With the support of those people and my team, we will Make America Great Again!"Co-Chairing Mr. Trump's campaign in Oklahoma is Mr. Bob Mills and Mr. Dan Keating. Bob Mills has been operating Bob Mills furniture in Oklahoma since 1972. His operations have now expanded into Texas as well. Tulsa native, Dan Keating, is a retired Marine and currently serves as President of Summit Consolidated Group.The list of Oklahoma leaders endorsing Mr. Trump and county coordinators currently includes: Senator Ralph Shortey; Senator Mark Allen; Representative Mike Christian; Representative John Bennett; Representative Mike Turner; Bob Mills; Dan Keating & Kathy Keating; Rodney and Jill Timms; Dr. Sam & Lynn Coury; Bob Dani; Stan Ward; Lisa & Steven Kalman; Ferlin Kearns; Larry Stein; Darren Ward; Angie & Jason Thomas; Lester Claraval; Guy & Jennifer Madison; Beth Marshall; Ronnie Farmer; David Morgan; Orvel Robinson; Ella McDonald; Andy Barber; Suzanne Landess; D.W. & Rochelle Converse; Kelly Gatz; Jo Senske; John Horn; Richard Leathers; Monte Kleiner; Gene Marshall; and April Miller.Mr. Trump has hired State Director Stephanie Milligan and Field Director Ben Keel to lead the campaign's Oklahoma operation. The most recent polls show Mr. Trump with a commanding lead in the state and he looks forward to visiting again soon.
Fox News Donald Trump, Jr. says the Republican presidential candidate is more concerned about the 'safety of Americans' than 'offending people around the world'Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Live With Kelly and MichaelIn an interview on ABC's "Live with Kelly and Michael," Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump today defended his proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States, insisting religious discrimination is not his intention."This has nothing to do with religion; it's about safety," Trump told Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan.Trump's plan would block Muslims from entering the United States, with an exception for U.S. citizens who are Muslim, who would come and go as they wish. He has said he hopes the ban "will go quickly," as soon as "our leaders figure out what the hell is going on.""If a person is a Muslim, goes overseas and comes back, they can come back. They're a citizen. That's different," Trump told "Good Morning America" Tuesday. "But we have to figure things out."
(New York, NY) December 10, 2015  Today, Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced the campaign has officially filed a full slate of state delegates to appear on the ballot in the New Hampshire and Tennessee 2016 Primaries. The Tennessee slate of 82 potential delegates, the most allowed under state law, includes veterans, elected officials and many first time delegates who are drawn to participate in the political process because of Mr. Trump's candidacy and his vision to Make America Great Again.Mr. Trump stated, "I am so proud with this tremendous showing of support in New Hampshire and Tennessee. We are winning all the polls by huge, double digit margins and have the biggest crowds. With support from each of these incredible delegates and supporters across both states, we will Make America Great Again."The list of Trump delegates filed in Tennessee includes:State Senators Mae Beavers and Bill Ketron;Shelby County Commission Chairman, Terry Roland;10 members of the GOP State Executive Committee;Kay White, who served as Rick Santorum's state chair in 2012 when he won Tennessee;Numerous veterans, first time delegates, and former GOP chairs and elected officials.The Trump delegates in Tennessee range in age from 20 years old to 93 year old Beada Corum, who has never registered to vote but did so to be able to vote for Mr. Trump.Trump New Hampshire Delegates Filed:Alfred Baldasaro  41 Hall Rd, Londonderry, NHJudy Baldasaro  41 Hall Rd, Londonderry, NHRobert Burns  1035 South Mammoth Rd, Manchester, NHWillian Cuccio  186 Randall Farm Rd, North Conway, NHFrederick Doucette  36 Royal Circle, Salem, NHBarbara Ferdinando  954 Straw Hill Rd, Manchester, NHRichard Ferdinando  954 Straw Hill Rd, Manchester, NHLouis Gargiulo 21 Linden Rd, Hampton Falls, NHJarold Gregory Johnson - 329 Sawyers Crossing Rd. Swanzey. NHPaula Johnson  15 Westborn Drive, Nashua, NHGeorge Lambert  3 Lydston Lane, Litchfield, NHCorey Lewandowski 21 Emerson Rd. Windham. NHSteven Peterson  24 Penny Lane. Merrimack, NHStephen Stepanek  I Colonel Wilkins Rd, Amherst. NHEllen Suprunowicz I Colonel Wilkins Rd, Amherst, NHDaniel Tamburello 3 Royal Lane. Londonderry. NHMichael Teed - 555 Canal St, Apt #910, Manchester, NHElizabeth Varney  129 Main St, Alton, NHPeter Varney  129 Main St, Alton. NHJoshua Whitehouse  45 Foxtrot Drive. Farmington, NH
Donald J. Trump for President Announces Texas Women for Trump Coalition Over 100 Texas Women Lead Statewide Group(New York, NY) December 10th, 2015 - The Donald J. Trump for President campaign is proud to announce the Leadership Committee of the Texas Women for Trump Coalition. This group of over 100 accomplished leaders - Republican women, Tea Party leaders, former city officials, business leaders, entrepreneurs, community leaders, and philanthropists support Donald Trump and are committed to working to help him carry Texas.Mr. Trump said, "It is a great honor to receive the endorsement of so many strong, accomplished women in the great state of Texas. Their leadership will help us win this important state on March 1st, 2016. With their support and the support of so many other women across the country, we are going to Make America Great Again."The Texas Women for Trump Coalition is led by many of the best, longtime Republican organizers all across Texas, as well as many newcomers who have been inspired by Mr. Trump's message of securing our border, taking care of our Veterans and true tax reform."I always knew Donald Trump would be the answer to the desperate situation our country is enduring. And now with almost $20 trillion in debt, it is critical that we take Mr. Trump all the way to the White House and fix this mess," said Caro Delgado of Houston, a Mexican-born businesswoman and proud American citizen who recently earned her U.S. citizenship."Donald J. Trump is the only candidate that will salvage this country and make things great again because he can't be bought. He is the only choice!" said Gina O'Briant of Dallas, Statewide Co-Chair of Texas Women for Trump and Congressional District 3 Co-Chair."I am proud to support Donald Trump for President of the United States. Washington is broken and it's going to take a leader who knows how to rebuild this country to make it great again. And Mr. Trump is that leader," said Pamela Martin Duarte of Dallas, a 5th generation Texan and co-star of NBC Universal's hit TV show "Big Rich Texas.""I have worked in Republican politics since my days of helping Ronald Reagan, and I have not seen such excitement for a Republican for President since then. I am thrilled to be on Mr. Trump's campaign leadership team and will do all I can to help him win Texas!" said Mary Sue McCarty of Mesquite, a longtime Republican activist and organizer.Mr. Trump has visited Texas numerous times throughout his campaign including hosting 20,000 at his Dallas rally in September and most recently in Beaumont where thousands turned out to hear Mr. Trump speak about his vision to Make America Great Again. Texas Women For Trump - Leadership CommitteeKayla Hensley, HoustonMary Sue McCarty, MesquiteGina O'Briant, DallasToni Clawson Randall, KemahCaroline Delgado, HoustonPamela Martin Duarte, DallasLydia Randazzo, Flower MoundShelly Vitanza, BeaumontStacey Newsom, RockwallTammy Harris Nakamura, ColleyvilleCatherine West, HoustonRene Abshire, ConroeShelly Payne, HumbleKatrina Pierson, GarlandLinda Garrido, FriscoDianne Fritz, GranburyDena Miller, DallasJeana McCormick Blackford, HoustonKelly Dearman, CleburneNancy Chritton Rogers, DallasPhyllis Comu, DallasAmber Buchanan, LaBelleCathy Vieth, FriscoDebra Wells, TempleJan Dedrie Pfeffer Strimple, DallasShelly Miller, GranburyHeidi Spooner, AllenSylvia Sommer, HallettsvilleJaton Liner, San LeonStacey Hockstad Messing Sauer, Flower MoundAnita Hutcherson Jones, League CityRhonda Sargent Chambers, DallasDeborah Nettles-Salazar, League CityTricia Vickers, League CityJulie Pitrucha Overhultz, BaytownRobin Collins, KemahCherie Britton, LiverpoolArlene Smart, LibertyRoselyn Peirce, Clear Lake ShoresSandy Lile Garber, Santa FePeggy Arledge, McKinneyHolly Takach, BaytownClaire Durkee Worthington, KemahAlisha Smith, League CityTanah Marie Broussard, Lake JacksonJennifer Miller, DallasMorgan Takach, BaytownAmber King, FriscoMaggie Cooke Kipp, DallasLisa Teets Aurich, League CityGina Ginsburg, DallasDaphne Hallman, FriscoNancy Laskoskie, DickinsonWinnie Freeland Anderson, DallasApril Strunk, DallasMindi Paine, GrapevineAlison Volk, DallasTania Vojvodic, WaxahachieBrooky Bush Sanders Tubb, DallasBrenda White, KellerPam Romero, SpringGinger Grutzius, San LeonRobin Basham-Engbroch, Santa FeClara L. Ferguson, Mattox, HoustonMelissa Painter-Senter, Texas CityLavillas Clawson, BacliffSusan Kaplan Williams, HoustonTiffany Saylor, BurnetStephanie Collier, BacliffGabby Alessi, League CityDarlene Graham Campbell O'Brien, DallasLacey Gammons, DallasD'Andra Simmons, DallasJennifer Paris, FriscoDaretha Paul, DallasKathy Friston Collier, BaycliffPolly Boggus Wright, AustinAmy Jackson, HoustonVictoria Romero-Broderick, HoustonTracey Templet Honish, LaMarqueTerri Provencal, DallasTanya Houston, Lake JacksonLinda Steiber Brown, KatyMary Jo Hansen-Lindsay, Santa FeAbril Overgarrad, El PasoCarol Price, League CityTiffany Nicole Randazzo, FriscoSandra Pizanie-Dunn, League CityMary Jo Hansen, Lindsay, Santa FeJamie Kell Bond, DallasDebbie Freeland Hranicky, CoppellEmily Tang, AddisonCheryl Mason, Santa FeClaudetta Newsom, Mt. VernonKimberley Newsom, Mt. VernonAngie Strawn, RowlettRegan Hicks, Mt. VernonTiffany Gilbert Jackson, DallasKaren VanLandingham, Mesquite
Trump Campaign Announces Police Endorsement and New Hampshire Youth Coalition Chairman(New York, NY) December 10th, 2015  Today Donald J. Trump received the coveted endorsement of the New England Police Benevolent Association. Mr. Trump was joined by hundreds of officers who endorsed the front runner for the Republican nomination after a private meeting in New Hampshire Thursday night.Mr. Trump stated, "I am incredibly honored to receive this endorsement. My entire life has been spent defending the police and the incredible job they do. Especially today, they will play an increasingly vital part in making our nation safe. With their support and hard work together we will Make America Great Again."The New England Police Benevolent Association historically endorses a candidate during the primary season and Mr. Trump was the overwhelming choice by the entire association.Additionally, Bob Burns, Chairman of the New Hampshire Federation of Young Republicans, was selected to serve as Donald J. Trump for President Youth Coalition Chairman.Burns expressed his full support for Donald Trump's bid for the Presidency stating, "I am confident that Donald Trump is the right man for our country at this time in our nation's history. It is clear Donald Trump is uniting Americans from every political persuasion as he ensures a solid future for my generation and the generations to come."Burns has been actively involved with New Hampshire Young Republicans since 2005. His extensive political history also includes serving as the Youth Outreach Director for Huckabee 2008 and Deputy State Director for Newt Gingrich 2012. Additionally, he was elected as Hillsborough County Treasurer.Mr. Trump continues to dominate the polls nationally and in each of the early primary states. According to the latest CNN/WMUR poll released in New Hampshire earlier this week, Mr. Trump maintains his commanding lead with 32% support, an 18 point lead over his closest rival. Mr. Trump is also dominating in Massachusetts with a recent poll showing him with 48% support. The campaign announced the addition of Massachusetts State Director Dean Cavaretta on Monday.
Download PDFI am proud to share this report, written by the highly respected Dr. Harold Bornstein of Lenox Hill Hospital, stating that I am in excellent health. I am fortunate to have been blessed with great genes --- both of my parents had very long and productive lives. I have truly enjoyed working on the campaign trail with one objective in mind, to Make America Great Again! People have been impressed by my stamina, but to me it has been easy because I am truly doing something that I love. Our country will soon be better and stronger than ever before.  Donald J. TrumpThe report can be viewed here:Donald Trump Health Record PDF
Fox 10 Phoenix
Mr. Trump Announces New Staff Ahead of Grand Rapids Rally(New York, NY) December 21st, 2015  Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced new hire Scott Hagerstrom will serve as State Director in Michigan. Hagerstrom is the first hire in the state and will be joined by Mr. Trump Monday night when the campaign holds its second Michigan rally of the cycle in Grand Rapids. Mr. Trump stated, "I am excited to return to Michigan where we had an incredible rally attended by over 5,000 people in August. Scott will be a great asset to our team as we continue to build infrastructure beyond the early primary states and share my vision to Make America Great Again." Scott Hagerstrom is a political consultant and attorney practicing law in the state of Michigan. Scott previously served as the Director of Grassroots and Strategic Engagement for the Coalition Against Higher Taxes and Special Interest Deals Ballot Committee. Scott has also worked in the Michigan House of Representatives and also previously worked as the State Director of Americans for Prosperity-Michigan. He is a lifelong Michigan resident. Scott added, "It is a great honor to serve as Mr. Trump's Michigan State Director. He is a proven success with the leadership capabilities to accomplish what those in Washington, D.C. cannot. I believe in his message, his vision and his ability to make our country better than ever before." The Trump Campaign returns to Michigan Monday night where they are expecting thousands at a rally in Grand Rapids. In August, Mr. Trump hosted over 5,000 people at a rally in Birch Run, Michigan. Additional hires and visits are expected in the near future.
Trump Campaign Enlists Support in Over 200 Communities(New York, NY) December 22nd, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump announced Town Chairs in over 200 communities in New Hampshire. Mr. Trump remains the national front-runner for the Republican nomination for President of the United States and maintains a wide, double digit lead in all recent New Hampshire polls.Mr. Trump stated, "It is a great honor to have such incredible grassroots support across the state of New Hampshire. We have tremendous poll results and crowds and I look forward to visiting many times over the next several weeks. With the support of each Town Chair and so many others, we will Make America Great Again!"This is yet another example of Mr. Trump's extensive support in the first in the nation primary state. The Trump Campaign has offices in Manchester, Keene, Newmarket and Colebrook, over a dozen paid staffers and thousands of volunteers helping to share Mr. Trump's vision to make the country better than ever before.Mr. Trump will return to New Hampshire on Monday, December 28th to host a rally in Nashua. Most recently, Mr. Trump visited Portsmouth to receive the coveted endorsement of the New England Police Benevolent Association, where he was joined by hundreds of officers supporting his campaign for President.New Hampshire Town Chairs:Adelina Winfield of Hennikerin in Merrimack CountyAl Constant of Gilmanton IW in Belknap CountyAl Letizio Jr. of Rockingham County in Windham, NH Alan Balog of Starkin Coos CountyAlex Scott of Canterbury in Merrimack CountyAlexis Chechowitz of Hampton Beach in Rockingham CountyAllie McIntosh of Chichester in Merrimack CountyAmy Brooks of Stewartstown in Coos CountyAndrew Disbrow of Grafton in Grafton CountyAndrew Horvit of Londonderry in Rockingham CountyAndrew Scolaro of Center Barnstead in Belknap CountyAngelina Falcon of Bristol in Grafton CountyAnne Miller of New Castle in Rockingham CountyAnthony Campello of East Kingston in Rockingham CountyAshley Custance of Campton in Grafton CountyBarbara Ferdinando of Manchester in Hillsborough CountyBarbara Kresse of Croydon in Sullivan CountyBarbara Maloney of Stratham in Rockingham CountyBen Soussan of Hampton in Rockingham CountyBill Schroeter of Unity in Sullivan CountyBob Heghmann of Wolfeboro in Carroll CountyBrandon Fields of Lancaster in Coos CountyBrenda Beauregard of Center Ossipee in Carroll CountyBrenda Case of Alexandria in Grafton CountyBrenna Cavanaughof Portsmouth in Rockingham CountyBrian Fulwood of Gilsum in Cheshire CountyBrian Mitchell of Rye Beach in Rockingham CountyBruce Breton of Rockingham County in Windham, NH Bruce Kozikowski of South Sutton in Merrimack CountyCarol Ann Mcfarland of Chester in Rockingham CountyCarol Vincelette of Benton in Grafton CountyCatherine Hall of Deerfield in Rockingham CountyCharles Colbert of Brookline in Hillsborough CountyCheryl Jones of Claremont in Sullivan CountyChip Kelley of Rye in Rockingham CountyChris Dawe of Hampton Falls in Rockingham CountyChris Fela of Barrington in Strafford CountyChris Gilman of Gorham in Coos CountyChris Kachanian of Atkinson in Rockingham CountyChris Linker of Madbury in Strafford CountyChristopher Carter of Deering in Hillsborough CountyChristopher Mazerall of Jaffrey in Cheshire CountyChuck Beauregard of Troy in Cheshire CountyCindy Fitzgerald of Bethlehem in Grafton CountyColin Cambo of Rollinsford in Strafford CountyCorey Garabedian of Salem in Rockingham CountyCrae Hoffmaster of Kensington in Rockingham CountyCraig Gidley of Hillsborough in Hillsborough CountyDan Stolworthy of South Hampton in Rockingham CountyDana Cullen of Ossipee in Carroll CountyDavid Brock of Pinardville in Hillsborough CountyDavid Brown of Fremont in Rockingham CountyDavid Gattuso of Deerfield in Rockingham CountyDavid Prescott of Ossipee in Carroll CountyDeb Ackerman of Berlin in Coos CountyDebbie Balog of Jefferson in Coos CountyDebbie Demarais of Hudson in Hillsborough CountyDebra Reilly of Alstead in Cheshire CountyDeena Forcier of Sullivan in Cheshire CountyDennis Romeo of Hooksett in Merrimack CountyDerek Paul of Swanzey in Cheshire CountyDiane Abdy of Bristol in Grafton CountyDick Wentzel of Newport in Sullivan CountyDon Bacon of Newfields in Rockingham CountyDon Medbury of Dover in StraffordCountyDonald Dotsie of Stratford in Coos CountyDonald Murphy of Mont Vernon in Hillsborough CountyDonna Horvit of Londonderryin Rockingham CountyDorothy Habben of Hopkinton in Merrimack CountyDoug Lambert of Gilford in Belknap CountyDrew Carter of Sutton in Merrimack CountyDuncan Britton of Auburn in Rockingham CountyEd Bissonof Andover in Merrimack CountyEddie Gargiulo of Newmarket in Rockingham CountyElisabeth Malboeuf of Mason in Hillsborough CountyElizabeth Varney of Alton in Belknap CountyEllen Cuccio of Conway in Carroll CountyEllen Williams of Newbury in Merrimack CountyEric Corum of Gilmanton in Belknap CountyEric Kelso of Canterbury in Merrimack CountyEric Miller of New Castle in Rockingham CountyErik Wallof Peterborough in Hillsborough CountyEvan Nelson of Littleton in Grafton CountyFrancine Monica of Wentworth in Grafton CountyFred Gilman of Gorham in Coos CountyGary Brown of Raymond in Rockingham CountyGary Fouts of Danbury in Merrimack CountyGeorge Carmichael of Rindge in Cheshire CountyGeorgia Palmieri of Keene in Cheshire CountyGerard Deshaies of Portsmouth in Rockingham CountyGil Towne of Derry in Rockingham CountyGlen Hyslop of Milton in Strafford CountyGordon Gowen of Acworth in Sullivan CountyGriffin Gamache of Durham in Strafford CountyHarold Moller of Sunapee in Sullivan CountyHeidi Buxton of Pittsfield in Merrimack CountyHelen Molloy of Lincoln in Grafton CountyHolly Young of Plymouth in Grafton CountyHon. Al Baldassaro of Londonderry in Rockingham CountyHon. Dan Itse of Fremont in RockinghamCountyHon. Dan Tamburello of Londonderry in Rockingham CountyHon. George Lambert of Litchfield in Hillsborough CountyHon. Joe Pitre of Farmington in Strafford CountyHon. John Hikel of Goffstown in Hillsborough CountyHon. Laurie Pettengill of Bartlett in Carroll CountyHon. Peter Varney of Alton in Belknap CountyHon. Steven J Woitkun of Danville in Rockingham CountyHon. Tom Boriso of Meredith in Belknap CountyHon. Werner Horn of Franklin in Merrimack CountyJames King of New Ipswich in Hillsborough CountyJames Yamartino of Bartlett in Carroll CountyJane Quale of Hanover in Grafton CountyJanet Bunnell of Kensington in Rockingham CountyJason Rella of Colebrook in Coos CountyJason Udeen of Surry in Cheshire CountyJay C Davey of Plaistow in Rockingham CountyJayne Fiore of Epping in Rockingham CountyJeannie Hines of Rumney in Grafton CountyJeff Hiattof Newington in Rockingham CountyJeff Odhner of Amherst in Hillsborough CountyJene Liepold of Grantham in Sullivan CountyJennifer Warren of Allenstown in Merrimack CountyJill Stocking of Washington in Sullivan CountyJim Cropsey of Tilton in Belknap CountyJoe Capuzzo of Thornton in Grafton CountyJoe Montanaro of Windham in Rockingham CountyJoe Silveira of Candia in Rockingham CountyJoe St. Jean of Kingston in Rockingham CountyJohn Washburn of Merrimack in Hillsborough CountyJohn Woods of Amherst in Hillsborough CountyJolene Levesque of Northwood in Rockingham CountyJolene Vogelien of Orford in Grafton CountyJoseph Castagnaro of Gilford in Belknap CountyJoseph Gasparik of Enfield in Grafton CountyJoseph Wysocki of Henniker in Merrimack CountyJulianne Griffin of Laconia in Belknap CountyJulianne Pagliaruloof Belmont in Belknap CountyJulie Newcombe of Bennington in Hillsborough CountyKaren Goerndt of Brentwood in Rockingham CountyKaren Lewandoski of Tilton in Belknap CountyKarl Zahn of Milford in Hillsborough CountyKathy Corso of Center Harbor in Belknap CountyKathy Duane of Hale's Location in Carroll CountyKatie Haughton of Nottingham in Rockingham CountyKatrina Kekalo of Lebanon in Grafton CountyKelly Frenette of Seabrook in Rockingham CountyKen Martell of Groton in Grafton CountyKen Patey of Hampstead in Rockingham CountyKen Strong of Northumberland in Coos CountyKenneth Finn of Greenfield in Hillsborough CountyKevin Bazan of Winchester in Cheshire CountyKevin Genest of Barnstead in Belknap CountyKevin Roy of Barrington in Strafford CountyLana Miller of Plaistow in Rockingham CountyLaura Soussan of Hampton in Rockingham CountyLaurie Caruso of Greenland in Rockingham CountyLois DeYoung of Brentwood in Rockingham CountyLori Davis of Weare in Hillsborough CountyLorrie Clark of Newton in Rockingham CountyLouise Bacon of Newfields in Rockingham CountyLuke Sacher of Fitzwilliam in Cheshire CountyMadelene Beaulieu of Hollis in Hillsborough CountyMalia Boaz of Westmoreland in Cheshire CountyMarc Normandin of Stoddard in Cheshire CountyMaria Noel of Ashland in Grafton CountyMarilyn Stacy of Tuftonboro in Carroll CountyMarilyn Walsh of Bethlehem in Grafton CountyMark French of Bridgewater in Grafton CountyMark Kilbane of Exeter in Rockingham CountyMark Morrison of Stewartstown in Coos CountyMarlene Smith of Bow in Merrimack CountyMartin Judd of Hill in Merrimack CountyMary Ann Adams of Holderness in Grafton CountyMatt Crow of New Boston in Hillsborough CountyMatt Pitaro of Bedford in Hillsborough CountyMaurice Glaude of Francestown in Hillsborough CountyMelanie Benton of New Hamptonin Belknap CountyMelissa Boccelli of Sandown in Rockingham CountyMichael Bushway of Contoocook in Merrimack CountyMichael Parker of Piermont in Grafton CountyMichael Parrott of Surry in Cheshire CountyMichael Weston of Hinsdale in Cheshire CountyMichele Autenzio of Moultonborough in Carroll CountyMichele Paradiso of Rochester in Strafford CountyMichelle Perron of Hampton in Rockingham CountyMonica Charpentier of Hooksett in Merrimack CountyNancy Weston of Hinsdale in Cheshire CountyNate Lynch of Walpole in Cheshire CountyNeal Burns of New Durhamin Strafford CountyNicholas Mignanelli of Campton in Grafton CountyNorman Brooks of Stewartstown in Coos CountyPatricia Cook of Haverhill in Grafton CountyPatrick Mooney of Wakefield in Carroll CountyPaul Barnet of Sanbornton in Belknap CountyPaul Fisher of New Ipswich in HillsboroughPaul Garabedian of Salem in Rockingham CountyPaul Morrissette of Loudon in Merrimack CountyPaul Nagy of East Andover in Merrimack CountyPaul Rella of Columbia in Coos CountyPaul Smalley of Hebron in Grafton CountyPaul Sodano of Bristol in Grafton CountyPaul Whitney of Harrisville in Cheshire CountyPaula Johnson of Nashua in Hillsborough CountyPaula Malmborg of Penacoook in Merrimack CountyPerry Wagner of Littleton in Grafton CountyPhil Riendeau of Chesterfield in Cheshire CountyPhyllis Buatti of Barnstead in Belknap CountyPriscilla Root of Ashuelot in Cheshire CountyRalph Collins of Milan in Coos CountyRalph DeRosa of Albany in Carroll CountyRay Dewis of Woodstock in Grafton CountyRaymond Heelan of Wilmot in Merrimack CountyRebecca Gifford of Lee in Strafford CountyRex Jenna of Warner in Merrimack CountyRich Autenzio of Moultonborough in Carroll CountyRich Innie of Hooksett in Merrimack CountyRichard Bettcher of North Hampton in Rockingham CountyRichard Cook of Somersworth in Strafford CountyRick Dube of Pittsburg in Coos CountyRick Nadick of Errol in Coos CountyRita Falwell of Hampton Beach in Rockingham CountyRob Peterson of Eaton in Carroll CountyRobert Campbell of Wilton in Hillsborough CountyRobert Loeser Jr. of Salisburyin Merrimack CountyRobert Miller of New Castle in Rockingham CountyRobert Willis of Marlow in Cheshire CountyRonald Tatro of Ashuelot in Cheshire CountyRussell Wyatt of Whitefield in Coos CountySally Bourbeau of Danville in Rockingham CountySandra Laughy of Northfield in Merrimack CountySandy Woodmansee of Epping in Rockingham CountySarah Florio of Freedom in Carroll CountyScott Brown of Webster in Grafton CountyScott Innie of Hooksett in Merrimack CountySen. Dick Ferdinando of Manchester in Hillsborough CountySen. Frank Sapareto of Derry in Rockingham CountyShelly Manougian of Rye in Rockingham CountyShirley Hurd of Derry in Rockingham CountyStephen Keith of Pembroke in Merrimack CountySteve Astrauas of Pelham in Hillsborough CountySteve Digiovanni of Middleton in Strafford CountySteve Walker of Charlestown in Sullivan CountySusan Coulombe of Bristol in Grafton CountySusanne Montanaro of Windham in Rockingham CountyTammy Coutts of Marlborough in Cheshire CountyTammy Sinapius of Effingham in Carroll CountyTara Hooper of Warren in Merrimack CountyTerry Wagner of Littleton in Grafton CountyThomas Kawczynski of Lisbon in Grafton CountyTim Dillon of Concord in Merrimack CountyTodd Smith of Richmond in Cheshire CountyTom Humphrey of Brookline in Hillsborough CountyTommy Sharpe of Clarksville in Coos CountyValerie Rella of Columbia in Coos CountyVicki Wilson of Sandown in Rockingham CountyWarren Hurd of Lempster in Sullivan CountyWayne Fiore of Epping in Rockingham CountyWestley Bailey Jr. of Epsom in Merrimack CountyWilliam Hill of Strafford in Strafford CountyWilliam Maloney of Stratham in Rockingham CountyZac Mercauto of Tamworth in Carroll County
Trump Campaign Continues to Build Beyond Early Primary States(New York, NY) December 23rd, 2015  Today Donald J. Trump announced new hire Ryan Lambert will serve as Louisiana State Director. Earlier this month, Mr. Trump qualified to be on the ballot for the March 5th Louisiana Presidential Preference Primary. Lambert will oversee the Trump Campaign operation for the entire state.Mr. Trump said, "I am pleased to welcome Ryan to the team. We already have tremendous grassroots support across the state of Louisiana and I look forward to visiting soon and sharing my vision to Make America Great Again!"Ryan Lambert previously worked with the campaigns of Congressman Charles Boustany in 2012 and Congressman Garret Graves in 2014. He also handled numerous campaigns throughout Louisiana and other parts of the south.Ryan added, "It is a great honor to serve as Mr. Trump's State Director in Louisiana. He has created a movement and I am proud to be part of it as we all work to ensure Mr. Trump is the Republican nominee for President of the United States. He is a proven leader with unparalleled success in numerous industries. He is the only one who will Make America Great Again."
(New York, NY) December 29th, 2015  Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced its Texas operation continues to expand, most recently amassing a statewide organization in all 36 Congressional Districts in over 50 counties. These counties account for nearly 80% of the Republican Primary vote in the state. Hundreds of leaders have signed on to Co-Chair their Congressional District to help Donald Trump carry their district and the state.Mr. Trump stated, "I love Texas and have visited many times. We have had tremendous crowds, are winning all the polls and have met some terrific people who truly want to Make America Great Again. With their support, we will make the country better than ever before."George M. Clayton, Congressional District Co-Chair for Trump for President in Texas stated, "Donald Trump is strong for America. He is truthful. He is dedicated and loyal to the Constitution. He supports a strong military. He has the overall goodwill of the American people as his number one priority. I heartily and enthusiastically support and endorse Donald Trump for President of the United States. "Dr. Bas Nair from Houston, Congressional District Co-Chair for Trump for President in Texas added, "I waited four long years, 34 years ago to come through the proper immigration channels. Mr. Trump is right on with his immigration policy and is the only candidate who is brave enough to say what our country really needs."Daren Garcia Cantu of McAllen, Congressional District Co-Chair for Trump for President in Texas says, "I am the son of two Individuals that came to America to live a better life and pursue the American Dream, They were able to do this legally and my father even became a naturalized citizen. Mr. Trump is the only candidate that does not flip flop. Political correctness is ruining this country!"
Right Side Broadcasting Network
CBS News
The American MirrorLynnette Hardaway and Rochelle Richardson  better known as Diamond and Silk  wowed a capacity crowd for Donald Trump in Boloxi, Mississippi Saturday night. Promoting themes of unity and togetherness, Hardaway riled up the crowd that WKRG reported was 14,000."In this room is unity," Hardaway said. "In this room we are united. This is the United States, not the divided states," she said."It's time for us all to take America back because this is our country. It's imperative you get out and vote. If you don't want to get left, you've got to get right," Hardaway said to cheers."We want somebody to build a wall, don't we? We want somebody to bring back our jobs so we can thrive again, don't we? We want somebody that's going to keep us safe, don't we?"Her biggest applause line? "There is only one race: the human race, as all of our lives matter in this room."She added, "We finally have a candidate that realizes that and that's why it's imperative you vote for Donald J. Trump!"The duo also joined Trump on stage at his Raleigh, North Carolina rally in early December."How great are they!" Trump exclaimed while the duo  known as Diamond and Silk  walked onto the stage."I turn on my television one night," a hoarse Trump said, "and I see these two on television. I say 'they are the greatest.' They became an internet sensation."The Republican front runner then invited Hardaway to "do a little routine," which she eagerly accepted."First of all, I'm glad that the media can see us," she said. "I want everybody to know that we stand behind Donald J. Trump!"We support Donald J. Trump! We endorse Donald J. Trump," the pair said simultaneously to wild applause."And this is going to be our next president of these United States! The silent majority has spoken, baby! He's going to build that wall and he's going to build it tall and it's going to protect us all," Hardaway said."We don't want this country to fall do we?" she said. "Build that wall Donald J. Trump," Hardaway said as she was embraced by the candidate.
(New York, NY) January 4th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced the campaign has officially filed to be on the ballot of the March 15, 2016 Illinois Republican Presidential Primary. Mr. Trump's campaign also filed a full slate of delegates for the Republican National Convention which will take place in Cleveland July 18-21, 2016. Mr. Trump stated, "It is my honor to be on the ballot in Illinois and to file a full slate of delegates. We have received tremendous support from so many people in Illinois, we are leading in all the polls and have had the largest crowds. With the support of the people of Illinois, and around the country, we will Make America Great Again."Mr. Trump has a definitive lead in all national and state polls where most recently he was leading in Illinois by a wide, double digit margin.Tonight, Mr. Trump will campaign in Massachusetts before heading to New Hampshire, Vermont, South Carolina, and Iowa later in the week.
Ad Focuses on Key Messages Including Illegal Immigration and National Security
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
Trump Campaign Continues to Expand New Hampshire Team Ahead of February 9th Primary
Trump Campaign Hires Four Additional Staffers
Trump Campaign Continues to Build Beyond Early Primary States
Trump Campaign Hires Four Additional Staffers and Announces Cobb County, GA Grand Opening 
NBC News
Trump Campaign Continues to Dominate in New Hampshire Weeks Before Primary Contest
Trump Campaign Files a Full Slate of Convention Delegates
(New York, NY) January 12th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced State Representative Joseph A. Trillo will serve as the Honorary Chairman of his campaign in the state of Rhode Island.Mr. Trump stated, "It is my pleasure to have Joe serve as our Honorary Chairman in the great state of Rhode Island. Securing our border and solving the issue of illegal immigration has become a cornerstone of my campaign and I have great respect for Joe's passion with regard to solving this problem. With the help of Joe and so many other supporters in Rhode Island, we will Make America Great Again."State Representative Joseph A. Trillo currently serves as the Minority Whip in the Rhode Island General Assembly, is host of the statewide cable TV show "Trillo Talks" and is a life-long businessman and real estate investor. He has been an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration, having traveled to the Mexican border to see first-hand how serious the problem really is. Trillo has introduced e-verify legislation and supported the prohibition of illegal immigrants obtaining drivers licenses. Trillo previously served as Republican National Committeeman for the state.Trillo added, "As a long-time admirer of Mr. Trump's business acumen, it is a great honor to now serve as his Honorary Campaign Chairman for Rhode Island, where his vision and messageare clearly resonating. I look forward to helping take that message to even more voters so we can Make America Great Again."Mr. Trump continues to be the definitive front-runner in all national polls. Yesterday day he campaigned in Windham, New Hampshire before traveling to Iowa, Florida, and South Carolina for multiple visits throughout the week.
Trump Campaign Continues to Expand in Georgia with Statewide Leadership Team
Trump Campaign Stronger Than Ever in Sunshine State Rolling Out Key Endorsements at Massive Pensacola Rally(New York, NY) January 13th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of several prominent community leaders in Florida prior to his rally in Pensacola where more than 10,000 were in attendance. Businessman George Scarborough, Pastor Carl Gallups, 2nd Amendment activist Clover Lawson, and Veterans Terry Busbee Sr., Gary O'Neal and Capt. Allen Brady each spoke prior to Mr. Trump's speech, in addition to Kathryn Kat' Gates-Skipper the first female Marine in Combat Operations, who endorsed Mr. Trump's candidacy in November at his Sarasota rally.Mr. Trump stated, "It is my great honor to receive endorsements from each of these incredible people. Their support for my message and endorsement of my candidacy for President of the United States means so much to me, and with their help, and the help of so many great people in Florida and all over the country, we will Make America Great Again!"George Scarborough, Pensacola resident and brother of former Congressman and TV personality Joe Scarborough, is the owner of Scarborough Consulting and regional Director of The Studer Group.Pastor Gallups, (Minister for Prayer), is an author, radio and television talk show host and senior pastor of Hickory Hammock Baptist Church in Milton, FL.Clover Lawson is a founding partner of Lawson & Palmer, LLC. Clover is one of the foremost women in the firearms industry and represents world class competitive shooters, as well as some of the best manufacturers in tactical gear.Capt. Allen Brady served 32 years in the US Navy including 4 years at the US Naval Academy and 6 years as a P.O.W in Vietnam's infamous Hanoi Hilton.Terry Busbee Sr. served multiple tours in Vietnam before moving into politics. Seeking real and positive change for America, Busbee is leaving the Democratic Party to endorse Donald J. Trump for President because he's the smartest man for the job'.Chief Warrant Officer, (Ret) Gary O'Neal is a US Army Ranger and President of Worldwide Army Rangers Association. A biography titled American Warrior: The True Story of A Legendary Ranger' detailing O'Neal's extraordinary service, was released in 2013.
CBSN
TV Spot Called "Our Country" Features Trump Emphasizing his Message to Make America Great Again(New York, NY) January 15th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump released the second major advertisement to begin airing in Iowa and New Hampshire. The buy is a total of $2 million dollars with $1.1 million spent in Iowa and nearly $1 million allocated to New Hampshire.Mr. Trump stated, "I have tremendous crowds, we are leading all the polls and there are so many people that want to see our country be greater than ever before. My life has been about winning and Iowa and New Hampshire are so important to me. This is where we will begin to Make America Great Again!"The footage is from a recent event in Lowell, Massachusetts, where Mr. Trump hosted a rally attended by a record crowd of over 10,000 people. The thirty-second spot outlines Mr. Trump's vision for the country. Mr. Trump's first ad, which focused on illegal immigration and national security, has been running in these early states for the last ten days.Mr. Trump continues to lead in all national and state polls, including the just out NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll showing Mr. Trump as the definitive front-runner with 33% support, more than doubling his lead over his nearest rival.You can view the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/our-country-tv-spot
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
 Mr. Trump is the Definitive Frontrunner With 9 Point Lead in Recent Virginia Poll 
Ivanka Trump Featured in Latest Radio Spot for Trump Campaign
Hannity.comIn 1995 Donald Trump was traveling along a New Jersey highway when the limo in which he was traveling experienced a flat tire. Spotting the disabled car along the side of the road, a passing motorist stopped to offer his assistance. After helping, Trump asked how he could repay the good samaritan. The man asked that Trump send his wife a bouquet of flowers. Trump agreed.True to his word, the bouquet arrived several weeks later along with a note saying, "we've paid off your mortgage."The story, which has been recounted numerous times including in Forbes Magazine, is just one of many that demonstrate the generosity of Donald Trump according to Jerry Falwell Jr., son of the late pastor Jerry Falwell and President of Liberty University."I got to know Donald Trump after he spoke [at Liberty University] in 2012," Falwell told Sean on Hannity. "I learned so much about him that the public never hears." Falwell went on to list Trump's numerous charitable givings."Right after he visited here last time I called him about a large Christian ministry in another state that needed some help," Falwell explained. "I learned within a day or two he had donated 100,000 dollars of his own money."Falwell also recounted the story of an inner inner city basketball tournament Trump rescued from financial disaster."He learned about Clyde Frazier Jr. who ran the Harlem Hoops tournament in the inner city and was killed in the 9/11 attacks," Falwell said. "He searched down the family and donated the money to keep that tournament going."Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Jenkins, Skrmetta to Serve as State Chairmen
Palin Praises Trump's Leadership with Endorsement in Iowa
CBS NewsSarah Palin, the former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate, is officially endorsing businessman Donald Trump's 2016 bid for the White House."We are ready for a change," Palin said at a Trump rally in Ames, Iowa, with the candidate by her side. "We are ready, and our troops deserve the best -- a new commander in chief whose track record has proven he is a master at the art of the deal."She added, "He is beholden to no one but we the people -- how refreshing."Trump said in a statement that Palin "is a friend, and a high quality person whom I have great respect for. I am proud to have her support."Palin is one of the most high-profile Republicans yet to endorse a 2016 candidate, giving the current GOP front runner more momentum in the final two weeks before the Iowa caucuses. After joining Trump in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday, she will travel with him to his two campaign events on Wednesday, in Norwalk, Iowa and Tulsa, Oklahoma.In a press release, Trump's campaign touted the endorsement as "coveted and influential." The campaign called her "a trusted conservative" and credited her with helping to launch the career of several "key future leaders of the Republican Party" -- including Trump's biggest rival for the GOP nomination, Sen. Ted Cruz. The press release quotes Cruz, who said, "I would not be in the United States Senate were it not for Gov. Sarah Palin... She can pick winners."Earlier, Cruz campaign spokesman Rick Tyler told CNN that if Palin endorses Trump, it would be a "blow" to her reputation because, he said, Trump has held progressive views throughout his life.That prompted Palin's daughter Bristol Palin to slam the Texas senator in a blog post titled "Is THIS Why People Don't Like Cruz?"On the campaign trail in New Hampshire on Tuesday, Cruz tried to diffuse the situation. "Oh listen, I love Sarah Palin, Sarah Palin is fantastic," he said. "Without her friendship and support, I wouldn't be in the Senate today, and so regardless of what Sarah decides to do in 2016, I will always remain a big, big fan of Sarah Palin's."
Jeff DeWit and Numerous Arizona Community Leaders Endorse Trump for President as Arizona Campaign Team Expands
Mr. Trump Attended the Outdoor Sportsman Awards with Son Don Jr. in Las Vegas and Received Robertson's Endorsement(New York, NY) January 21st, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced yet another coveted endorsement, with Duck Dynasty star Willie Robertson touting his support for the candidate in Las Vegas. Willie is an extremely popular figure in conservative circles and previously attended a rally in Oklahoma with Mr. Trump where he praised the GOP frontrunner's brash style and truthful talk in front of 25,000 people. Mr. Trump stated, "I am truly honored to receive Willie's endorsement. He is a great person, has had tremendous success and a really terrific family. He believes in my message and knows that I am the only one who will Make America Great Again!" Mr. Trump was joined by his son Don Jr. and Willie at the Outdoor Sportsman Awards in Las Vegas Thursday night. Mr. Trump attended several events in Nevada on Thursday including a campaign rally attended by thousands of people. He continues to lead in all national and state polls, including the most recent Nevada poll showing Mr. Trump with a substantial lead just weeks away from the fourth in the nation Primary contest. Willie Robertson added, "Mr. Trump is a real leader. He represents success and strength, two attributes our country needs. Like me, he is a successful businessman and family man and I endorse his candidacy for President of the United States."
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
(New York, NY) January 22nd, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump debuted the campaign's most recent radio ad to begin airing in Iowa and South Carolina featuring Jerry Falwell Jr. Mr. Trump was a guest at Liberty University on Monday and was introduced by Falwell who spoke glowingly of Mr. Trump's success, leadership and character, which he stated reminded him of his late father. Mr. Trump said, "It was a great honor to be introduced by the legendary Jerry Falwell Jr. He has built a tremendous institution and is a really terrific person with a beautiful family. We have always had a wonderful relationship and I am proud to share his kind words with the people of Iowa and South Carolina." The ad features statements from Falwell's introduction of Mr. Trump at the Liberty University convocation this week, which was attended by a record crowd of students and supporters. Falwell is a highly respected and influential figure in Evangelical communities. In the ad Mr. Falwell says, "I see a lot of parallels between my father and Donald Trump. Like Mr. Trump, Dad would speak his mind. He would make statements that were politically incorrect. He speaks the truth publicly, even if it is uncomfortable for people to hear it. Dad explained that when he walked into the voting booth, he wasn't electing a Sunday school teacher, or a pastor, or even a President who shared his theological beliefs. He was electing a President of the United States to lead a nation." Mr. Trump continues to lead all national and state polls with the latest polls from Iowa and New Hampshire showing him with substantial, double digit leads over his nearest rival. The CNN/ORC poll from Iowa shows Mr. Trump with 36% support and an 11 point lead over Senator Ted Cruz and a 20 point lead over Cruz in the WMUR/CNN poll out of New Hampshire. Mr. Trump will return to Iowa this weekend and campaign in all three primary states throughout the week. You can listen to the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/trump-falwell-radio-spot
(New York, NY) January 22nd, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump unveiled his latest campaign ad aimed at Senator Ted Cruz and focused on illegal immigration, which Mr. Trump has brought to the forefront of this election and made a cornerstone of his campaign. Mr. Trump began his campaign focused on this issue, which has resonated with the American people, and he has maintained his strong stance, releasing detailed policies to address this issue posing a threat to America's national security and economic growth.Mr. Trump stated, "Ted Cruz is a total hypocrite and, until recently, a Canadian citizen who may not even have a legal right to run for President. He didn't disclose loans, pretending he's Robin Hood, when he's just another all talk, no action politician. Had I not brought up the subject of illegal immigration, an issue which Ted Cruz is very weak on, nobody would even be talking about it. I will build a great wall, and Mexico will pay for it."The footage captures Senator Cruz in a confused state, unable to answer simple policy questions, as he contemplates his position, advice from his pollsters, donors and the special interests who control him. The only special interest Mr. Trump is beholden to is the American people, and he is the only candidate that will stop illegal immigration and Make America Great Again.The ad will run on TV in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina. Mr. Trump continues to spend $2 million dollars per week on advertising. Mr. Trump continues to dominate all local and national polls, including in Iowa, where we are less than two weeks away from the Caucuses and the most recent poll from CNN shows Mr. Trump with an 11 point lead.Mr. Trump was in Iowa earlier this week where he received the coveted endorsement of influential conservative Sarah Palin, who previously endorsed Ted Cruz during his Senatorial bid, and attributed his success to her support stating, "She picks winners." Mr. Trump will return to Iowa over the weekend and several days next week ahead of the Iowa Caucus on February 1st.You can view the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/clear-difference-tv-spot
Donald Trump
Real Clear Politics"We saw yesterday in Tulsa, Oklahoma that 15,000 people came out in the middle of the day to listen to his vision to make America great again. You see here in Iowa with his record-setting crowds. These people are so invigorated. So excited. They wait in line for hours in the freezing cold to get inside and listen to his message. I am very confident those people will show up on caucus night for 30 minutes to cast their vote for Mr. Trump. I think that's going to happen and I think anybody who doesn't think that is probably missing what's going on here in Iowa."
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
Trump Campaign Encourages Iowans to Vote with New Location Finder and Instructional Video
(New York, NY) January 26th, 2016 - As someone who wrote one of the best-selling business books of all time, The Art of the Deal, who has built an incredible company, including some of the most valuable and iconic assets in the world, and as someone who has a personal net worth of many billions of dollars, Mr. Trump knows a bad deal when he sees one. FOX News is making tens of millions of dollars on debates, and setting ratings records (the highest in history), where as in previous years they were low-rated afterthoughts. Unlike the very stupid, highly incompetent people running our country into the ground, Mr. Trump knows when to walk away. Roger Ailes and FOX News think they can toy with him, but Mr. Trump doesn't play games. There have already been six debates, and according to all online debate polls including Drudge, Slate, Time Magazine, and many others, Mr. Trump has won all of them, in particular the last one. Whereas he has always been a job creator and not a debater, he nevertheless truly enjoys the debating process - and it has been very good for him, both in polls and popularity. He will not be participating in the FOX News debate and will instead host an event in Iowa to raise money for the Veterans and Wounded Warriors, who have been treated so horribly by our all talk, no action politicians. Like running for office as an extremely successful person, this takes guts and it is the kind of mentality our country needs in order to Make America Great Again.
(New York, NY) January 26th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received Sheriff Joe Arpaio's endorsement. The Sheriff is well known for his hard-line stance on illegal immigration. Sheriff Arpaio joined Mr. Trump at his rally in Marshalltown, Iowa to voice his support less than one week before the Iowa Caucus. Mr. Trump stated, "I have great respect for Sheriff Arpaio. We must restore law and order on the border and respect the men and women of our police forces. I thank him for his support of my policies and candidacy for President." Sheriff Arpaio added, "Donald Trump is a leader. He produces results and is ready to get tough in order to protect American jobs and families. I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration. I know Donald Trump will stand with me and countless Americans to secure our border. I am proud to support him as the best candidate for President of the United States of America." Mr. Trump has visited Arizona twice since announcing his campaign in June and Sheriff Arpaio has attended both rallies in Phoenix and Mesa where the Trump campaign hosted record crowds. Mr. Trump has a strong state operation in place and has been endorsed by several community leaders including Arizona State Treasurer Jeff DeWit. Mr. Trump continues to lead all national and state polls with a significant lead in Arizona where the most recent poll out last week shows him with 38% support. He maintains a substantial lead in Iowa with great momentum heading into Monday's Caucus. Mr. Trump will be in South Carolina on Wednesday before returning to Iowa on Thursday for the seventh Republican Presidential debate in Des Moines, Iowa.
(New York, NY) January 26th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of Jerry Falwell Jr., just one week after Mr. Trump spoke to a record crowd at Falwell's Liberty University Convocation.Mr. Trump said, "It is truly an honor to receive Jerry's endorsement. Not only is he a high quality person, with a wonderful family, whom I have great respect for  I also consider him a very good friend and his support means so much to me."The endorsement, which is personal and not on behalf of the University, comes just days after the campaign released an ad featuring excerpts from Falwell's glowing introduction of Mr. Trump at the Liberty University event stating, "I see a lot of parallels between my father and Donald Trump. Like Mr. Trump, Dad would speak his mind Dad explained that when he walked into the voting booth, he wasn't electing a Sunday school teacher, or a pastor, or even a President who shared his theological beliefs. He was electing a President of the United States to lead a nation."After his endorsement Falwell added, "I am proud to offer my endorsement of Donald J. Trump for President of the United States. He is a successful executive and entrepreneur, a wonderful father and a man who I believe can lead our country to greatness again."Under Falwell, Jr.'s leadership, Liberty University has grown to become the largest, private non-profit university in the nation, the largest university in Virginia and the largest Christian university in the world, creating an innovative business model for higher education and increasing net assets from $100 million in 2007 to over $1.6 billion today.Mr. Trump continues to lead all national and state polls with the latest results from FOX News and CBS showing Mr. Trump gaining momentum with a strong lead in Iowa and substantial, double digit leads in New Hampshire and South Carolina. He also maintains a very strong lead in all national surveys, with the most recent CNN poll showing Mr. Trump with 41% support nationwide. Falwell's endorsement is expected to carry tremendous weight in Iowa, where Mr. Trump maintains strong support with the evangelical community as we approach the Iowa Caucus on February 1st.
(New York, NY) January 27th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump received South Carolina Lieutenant Governor Henry McMaster's endorsement. The Lt. Gov. previously served as South Carolina Attorney General, South Carolina Republican Party Chairman, and was the first United States Attorney appointed by President Ronald Reagan. Lt. Gov. McMaster joined Mr. Trump at his rally in Lexington County, South Carolina, where there were thousands in attendance, to voice his support.Mr. Trump stated, "Lt. Governor McMaster has a distinguished record of service to the people of South Carolina and the country, and his endorsement is a great honor. I'm proud to have Henry and his wife Peggy, join the team. The people of South Carolina are amazing and I continue to lead all state polls by wide, double digit margins."Lt. Governor McMaster added, "I am delighted to support Donald Trump. He is a man of accomplishment and speaks the truth in words everyone can understand, instills confidence in the people about our country's bright future, and reflects and believes in the strength and determination necessary for success. These qualities - and his quiet compassion for those in need - are essential to "making America great again." Now is the time for Donald Trump."The Trump Campaign continues to dominate in South Carolina with all recent polls showing Mr. Trump with substantial, double digit leads in all state polls and great momentum as the February 20th primary contest approaches. Today's event in Lexington County, South Carolina was attended by thousands of people. He will return to South Carolina early next month.
Georgia Operation Solidifies Grassroots Teams in All 159 Counties
Mr. Trump Made a $1 Million Dollar Contribution at a Special Event in Des Moines to Benefit Vets

CNNIowans are pretty serious about hunting and so too are some of the Trumps. The sons of the Republican presidential frontrunner, Donald Trump, Jr. and his younger brother, Eric, are in Iowa for the the caucus, but they managed to squeeze in some pheasant hunting while they were here, and they invited me and a few other reporters to join them.They acknowledge they were looking for a photo op to prove that despite being fancy New Yorkers, they share a pastime beloved by many Iowans. But as I learned today, they're also pretty good shots.Their father does not hunt, but both brothers have been hunting since they were kids, introduced to the sport by their maternal grandfather, who encouraged them to embrace the great outdoors during summers spent with him in what was then Czechoslovakia, a life altogether different than the one they lived on Fifth Avenue.And both brothers credit a love of the outdoor for keeping them grounded during that childhood of privilege. They say they know some Americans don't understand the appeal of the sport and especially their fondness for big-game hunting in Africa, which has drawn the ire of online critics. But they are ardent defenders of what they see as the legacy of Teddy Roosevelt: hunting as a pastime complementary to conservation.
The Washington PostFormer Massachusetts senator Scott P. Brown, a moderate Republican who two years ago ran for Senate in New Hampshire, will endorse Donald Trump at a rally here Tuesday night, one week before the state's presidential primary.Brown's decision has been closely guarded for days, but it was confirmed by two people familiar with the event, where Brown will appear onstage with the candidate.When reached early Tuesday afternoon, the Trump campaign's spokesperson would not discuss the rally or possible guests. Brown was unavailable for comment.Brown's move could give Trump a significant boost one day after the mogul lost the Iowa caucuses to Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. Although Brown was defeated in his senatorial bid here, he has been a popular GOP figure in New England ever since his stunning, come-from-behind victory in Massachusetts's special election to fill the Senate seat in 2010.Brown is also a favorite of many establishment Republicans because of his centrist positions, including support for abortion rights and for a ban on assault weapons. His profile and personality, however, are blue collar and populist. He drove a pickup truck during his Senate bids and is a habitu of Cheap Trick concerts.On the endorsement front, Brown is the first U.S. senator, current or former, to formally back Trump.In the New Hampshire contest, Trump faces stiff competition not only from Cruz but from a crowd of mainstream Republicans who have strong pockets of support in and have been relentlessly campaigning in the state, such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida governor Jeb Bush. Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who placed a strong third in Iowa, is another threat.The relationship between Trump and Brown has grown cozy in recent months with a series of meetings and phone calls. At a January event in Portsmouth, N.H., Trump said Brown was cut out of "central casting" and could be his vice-presidential pick. Brown called Trump "the next president of the United States."Speaking with reporters after the event, Brown said he was weighing three factors as he decided whom to endorse: "Somebody who is not afraid to make a decision and doesn't always follow the polls; sometimes who will be politically incorrect and will do what's best for this country. ... Someone also who is not afraid to admit when they're wrong." That somebody is Trump.
(New York, NY) February 3rd, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump unveiled the latest campaign add to begin airing in New Hampshire. The ad will appear on TV starting Wednesday and is part of an $850,000 spend the campaign made last week. The ad is a compilation of footage from Trump events showcasing massive crowds, energy, passion and supporters reinforcing Mr. Trump's message to take back the country. Mr. Trump stated, "This is a movement. People believe in my vision to make our country better and stronger than ever before and I am so honored to have their support. I am going to make you so proud--- we will take our country back and Make America Great Again!"Mr. Trump continues to dominate all national and local polls including maintaining a massive twenty-six point lead in New Hampshire, where he will compete in the first in the nation primary contest on Tuesday, February 9th.Mr. Trump is self-funding his campaign and has spent millions on advertising in the first three early states. He also maintains his frontrunner status in South Carolina and all national surveys.You can view the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/voters-speak-tv-spot
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
(New York, NY) February 4th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced the endorsement of respected Alderman Nick Pappas of Manchester, New Hampshire.Pappas served as the New Hampshire based senior adviser to Senator Rick Santorum and recently served as New Hampshire State Director for Generation Opportunity, a national conservative advocacy group with a focus on millennials.Mr. Trump will be campaigning in New Hampshire today with five events around the state. He will return for the eighth Republican Presidential Debate on Saturday and stay through the primary on Tuesday.Mr. Trump continues to lead in all national and state polls, with a significant lead in New Hampshire where he has 38% support, a massive 26-point lead over his nearest rival.
Media Advisory for Donald J. TrumpFebruary 4th, 2016What:Donald J. Trump for President Town HallWhere:Exeter Town Hall9 Front StreetExeter, NH 03833When:10:00 a.m.: Doors Open12:00 p.m.: Event BeginsWhat:Mr. Trump meets with local New Hampshire business ownersWhere:Great Property Management3 Holland WayExeter, NH 03833When:1:30 p.m.What:Mr. Trump participates in Manchester Police Department Shift ChangeWhere:Manchester Police Department405 Valley StreetManchester, NH 03103**Closed press. Credentialing is not available** When:2:50 p.m.What:CNN Town Hall with Anderson Cooper**When:3:10 p.m.**Closed press. Credentialing is not available**WhatDonald J. Trump for President RallyWhere:Great Bay Community College320 Corporate DrivePortsmouth, NH 03801When:5:00 p.m.: Doors Open7:00 p.m.: Event Begins
(New York, NY) February 5th, 2015 - Today Donald J. Trump debuted a new radio ad featuring South Carolina Lieutenant Governor Henry McMaster. The ad will begin airing today in South Carolina. Last week Mr. Trump received McMaster's endorsement. The Lt. Gov. previously served as South Carolina Attorney General, South Carolina Republican Party Chairman, and was the first United States Attorney appointed by President Ronald Reagan.The new ad focuses on key issues of Mr. Trump's campaign including homeland security, job creation and Mr. Trump's leadership and strength.Lt. Gov. McMaster joined Mr. Trump at his rally in Lexington County, South Carolina last week, where there were thousands in attendance, to voice his support.He said, "I am delighted to support Donald Trump. He is a man of accomplishment and speaks the truth in words everyone can understand, instills confidence in the people about our country's bright future, and reflects and believes in the strength and determination necessary for success. These qualities - and his quiet compassion for those in need - are essential to making America Great Again. Now is the time for Donald Trump."Mr. Trump will be in Florence this evening for a rally with a record crowd expected to attend. The Trump Campaign continues to dominate in South Carolina with all recent polls showing Mr. Trump with substantial, double digit leads in all state polls and great momentum as the February 20th primary contest approaches.You can listen to the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/mcmaster-radio-spot
FOX News
The Daily CallerTuesday on the Hugh Hewitt Show, Ivanka Trump said, "Politics is definitely not our family business."The daughter of presidential candidate Donald Trump, and Executive Vice President of Development and Acquisitions of the Trump Organization said, "We don't even particularly love the word [politics]."Hewitt asked Trump was what kind of advice she has given her father during debates and she said, "I try not to give him advice, especially in a context like that. You just want somebody to be relaxed and to be themselves.""And you know, that's really the advice I give him, to just be himself. So, but you know, it's an incredible thing, and the learning curve has been obviously a steep one.""You know, we've never been in politics. Politics is definitely not our family business," Trump said. "We don't even particularly love the word. So just seeing what he's done in six months is remarkable."
(New York, NY) February 10th, 2016 - Bill Stern of Columbia, S.C. has endorsed Donald Trump and has been announced Chairman of the Southeast Business Coalition on the Trump for President campaign.One of the South's most respected business leaders, Bill Stern is President and CEO of Stern & Stern, a commercial real estate development company that owns and manages real estate throughout the United States.Mr. Trump said,"I am delighted Bill Stern has accepted a leadership role in my campaign. He is a successful real estate developer and for eight years he served as Chair of the South Carolina Ports Authority, which is one of the most important commercial ports in the world. I look forward to working closely with Bill --- with his support we will Make American Great Again."Mr. Stern stated, "Throughout American history, we've had great Presidents who were lawyers, politicians and military leaders. I believe the complex global challenges of our time call for a President with a background in business, a record of success in creating jobs and the strong leadership skills it will take to Make America Great Again. That's why I'm supporting Donald Trump. He's a world class business leader who I believe will make a world class President of the United States."Stern has served as Chair of the South Carolina Ports Authority for eight years and has recently been named the first Chairman Emeritus in the port's history. During his period of leadership, South Carolina's port was ranked as the fastest growing in the nation and now ranks number one in container volume growth.Bill Stern has also served in leadership roles in political campaigns at the national, state and local levels. He served on the George W. Bush for President State Finance Committee, and he was State Finance Chair of the John McCain for President campaign. Other leadership roles include: State Finance Chair, Lindsey Graham for U.S. Senate, Co-Chair, Lindsey Graham for President; and State Finance Chair for Henry McMaster for Lt. Governor, Alan Wilson for Attorney General, and many other state and local political campaigns.
(New York, NY) February 11th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced the endorsements of dozens of Georgia officials including that of his first statewide elected official, Public Service Commission Chairman Lauren "Bubba" McDonald, Jr.Mr. Trump stated, "It is my great honor to receive these coveted and influential endorsements from tremendous people in the state of Georgia. I have visited many times and had great crowds and poll numbers. I look forward to being in Georgia again soon and working with each of these local leaders to Make America Great Again."McDonald served 20 years as a State Representative in the Georgia Legislature and also served as a commissioner in Jackson County, served on the Board of Managers of the Association of County Commissioners of Georgia, and volunteered as a Firefighter for the city of Commerce for 35 years. He joins the campaign as a Statewide Co-Chair.McDonald said, "Mr. Trump is a proven leader with unparalleled success. He has the capabilities to make our country stronger and better than ever before. I am proud to endorse his candidacy for President of the United States along with many other community leaders here in Georgia."Former State Representative Mitchell Kaye will lead the local elected officials coalition. Mitchell Kaye served east Cobb county for five terms in the Georgia House of Representatives, rising to deputy GOP Whip and ranking member of the tax-writing and cutting House Ways and Means committee. Kaye was awarded "Legislator of the Year" by the Georgia Association of Taxpayers for his tax cutting successes and by Phyllis Schlafly's Eagle Forum for his educational efforts.The Georgia officials endorsing Donald J. Trump for President join State Senators Burt Jones and Michael Williams. Mr. Trump continues to lead in all national and state polls after winning the New Hampshire Primary by a landslide. He will campaign in South Carolina and other SEC states prior to the first in the south primary on February 20th.
(New York, NY) February 11th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced campaign staffer and longtime Trump confidant has been named Director of Social Media for the Trump Campaign. Scavino joined the campaign last spring and has since managed the campaign's social media efforts working directly with Mr. Trump to strategize and execute all social content.Trump Campaign Manager, Corey Lewandowski said, "We are pleased to announce Dan's promotion. He is a real asset that provides tremendous value as Mr. Trump continues to change the political landscape with his unprecedented influence on social media channels, among other tactics."Mr. Trump continues to dominate social media channels with over 13,000,000 followers, a larger audience than all the other candidates combined. His current social media followings include Twitter 6,125,000, Facebook 5,675,000, and Instagram 970,000. You can follow Mr. Trump and the campaign's activities via @RealDonaldTrump.
CNN
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
(New York, NY) February 12th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump began airing a new ad in South Carolina focused on illegal immigration featuring Jamiel Shaw, whose son was brutally murdered by an illegal immigrant. Mr. Trump says, "People wouldn't be talking about illegal immigration had I not brought it up when I announced I was running for President. It is a massive problem in our country and now everybody agrees with me --- bad for crime and the economy. A wonderful young man, Jamiel Shaw Jr., whose father has become a friend of mine, was shot in the face for no reason by an illegal immigrant. He was getting ready to go to college on a football scholarship and his sole fault was walking home to see his father. Because of the relationship I have established with his father, Jamiel's death is very personal to me. We must stop illegal immigration."Jamiel Shaw added, "Donald Trump is the only person fighting to put American families first. He will protect our children and put an end to these senseless acts of violence that are caused by our failed policies and broken immigration system. Donald Trump has made it clear he, like most Americans, wants to return the rule of law to the people of this country. Without strong borders we don't have a country. Strong border enforcement is the first step to preventing future tragedies. We must secure our borders and return those who came here illegally to their native lands. Donald Trump is a man who stands for what is right. He stands for America and I stand with him."The ad is currently airing in South Carolina leading up to the February 20th primary contest. Mr. Trump maintains a substantial, double digit lead in all state polls and will spend the week prior to the primary campaigning around the state.You can view the ad here: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/jamiel-tv-spot
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
Top National Security Experts and National Gold Star Mother Endorse Trump at Tampa Rally
Let me be clearI am pro-life. I support that position with exceptions allowed for rape, incest or the life of the mother being at risk. I did not always hold this position, but I had a significant personal experience that brought the precious gift of life into perspective for me. My story is well documented, so I will not retell it here. However, what I will do with the remaining space is express my feelings about life, and the culture of life, as we approach the 43nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade.I build things. There is a process involved in building things. We tap into a lot of disciplines with engineering being one of the most important. The rules for putting structures together are as strict as are the rules of physics. These rules have stood the test of time and have become the path to putting together structures that endure and are beautiful. America, when it is at its best, follows a set of rules that have worked since our founding. One of those rules is that we, as Americans, revere life and have done so since our Founders made it the first, and most important, of our "unalienable" rights.Over time, our culture of life in this country has started sliding toward a culture of death. Perhaps the most significant piece of evidence to support this assertion is that since Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Count 43 years ago over 50 million Americans never had the chance to enjoy the opportunities offered by this country. They never had the chance to become doctors, musicians, farmers, teachers, husbands, fathers, sons or daughters. They never had the chance to enrich the culture of this nation or to bring their skills, lives, loves or passions into the fabric of country. They are missing, and they are missed.The Supreme Court in 1973 based their decision on imagining rights and liberties in the Constitution that are nowhere to be found. Even if we take the court at its word, that abortion is a matter of privacy, we should then extend the argument to the logical conclusion that private funds, then, should subsidize this choice rather than the half billion dollars given to abortion providers every year by Congress. Public funding of abortion providers is an insult to people of conscience at the least and an affront to good governance at best.If using taxpayer money to facilitate our slide to a culture of death was not enough, the 1973 decision became a landmark decision demonstrating the utter contempt the court had for federalism and the 10th Amendment. Roe v. Wade gave the court an excuse to dismantle the decisions of state legislatures and the votes of the people. This is a pattern that the court has repeated over and over again since that decision. Perhaps Roe v. Wade became yet another incidence of disconnect between the people and their government.We are in the middle of a presidential political cycle and votes will be cast in just days. The citizens of this nation will have the chance to vote for candidates that are aligned with their individual worldviews. It is my hope that they will choose the builder, the man who has the ability to imagine the greatness of this nation. The next President must follow those principles that work best and that reinforce the reverence Americans hold for life. A culture of life is too important to let slip away for convenience or political correctness. It is by preserving our culture of life that we will Make America Great Again.

FOXRepublican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said Friday that Pope Francis did not understand the gravity of the "crime problem" caused by illegal immigrants crossing the US-Mexican border when the pontiff appeared to criticize Trump's plan for a border wall.Trump, in an interview with Fox News' Greta Van Susteren, also maintained his stated opposition to the war in Iraq, which he has used in recent days to hammer presidential primary opponent Jeb Bush."He's a terrific person," Trump said of the pope, the leader of the world's 1.2 billion Catholics. "To me it's [about] illegal immigration. I don't think the pope really understood in terms of the crime problem and the problems of illegal immigration.""A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian," Pope Francis said Thursday. A Vatican spokesman clarified the Pope's remarks Friday, saying he "in no way [made] a personal attack" on the New York businessman."Without borders we don't have a country, and that [Mexican] border is just like a piece of Swiss cheese; people pour over," Trump told Van Susteren on "On the Record."Trump also discussed a 2002 clip from the Howard Stern radio program in which he appeared to endorse the United States' invasion of Iraq. He asserted he was only a supporter of action against Iraq "long before the war started.""By the time the war started, I had goneI was absolutely opposed to it. I always thought it was a destabilization of the Middle East," Trump said."It was the worst decision ever made in the history of our country," Trump said. "[The war cost] $2 trillion and thousands of lives.""Had [Iraqi dictator] Saddam Hussein livedhe was a bad guy, but he killed terrorists," Trump said, adding that if former President George W. Bush "went to the beach and gone swimming [instead of engaging with Iraq], we'd be better off."
CNN
FOX News
CNN
CNNMelania Trump, a rare presence on the campaign trail, offered a few words to her husband's supporters on Saturday night after the Republican presidential candidate clinched a victory in South Carolina."I just wanted to say, an amazing place South Carolina," the former model told the group of supporters, taking the microphone on stage for the first time on an election night with thousands of viewers watching on their televisions at home.Trump said on CNN's State of the Union Sunday that the remarks were made on a whim."I really just surprised her when I said that," Trump said. "I said say a few words, Melania, there's only about 40 million people watching. Say a few words. And she got up and she spoke beautifully."He described her as a brilliant woman, but noted she does not seek out publicity."She also is a very private woman and there's something very nice about that," Trump told Jake Tapper on CNN's "State of the Union." She's a great mother and she has some interesting causes that are going to be fantastic for the country."He said that while she is going to be involved int he campaign, "what she really loves doing is being a mother to Barron."Melania Trump, 45, has been largely absent from the campaign trail, telling reporters that she wants to ensure the couple's 9-year-old son Baron has a steady parental presence at home.Instead, the candidate's older children Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Eric, have taken on larger roles as surrogates on the campaign trail -- touting their father's candidacy on the stump and in TV news interviews.But on Saturday night, Melania emerged to supporters' cheers."Congratulations to my husband, he was working very hard. And he loves you, we love you and we are going ahead to Nevada and we'll see what happens," she said, before giving the microphone back to her husband.Melania Trump has addressed crowds attending her husband's political rallies in the past, usually taking the stage to offer just a few words of thanks in her Slovenian-accented English.In rare interviews alongside her husband with People Magazine and ABC's Barbara Walters, Melania Trump has offered a few glimpses into her relationship with her now-presidential candidate husband."He is who he is," the wife of the brash billionaire told People Magazine in September for her first mainstream media interview since Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign earlier this year. "Even if you give him advice, he will maybe take it in, but then he will do it the way he wants to do it. You cannot change a person. Let them be. Let them be the way they are."And she told Walters that she sometimes shares her opinions with her husband, with the billionaire candidate adding that his wife had once told him to "tone it down a bit" during his debate performances.
CNN
MSNBC
(New York, NY) February 25th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced Sarah Huckabee Sanders joined the campaign as a Senior Advisor.Mr. Trump stated, "I have great respect for Governor Mike Huckabee and we have a mutual admiration for our wonderful families. It is great to have his daughter, Sarah, join the campaign."Sarah added, "I volunteered to join Mr. Trump's campaign because he is a champion of working families; not Washington-Wall Street elites. Like the other Republican candidates, Mr. Trump is pro-life, pro-marriage, and will appoint conservatives to the courts. What makes Mr. Trump my choice for president is he will break the grip of the donor class on our government and make it accountable to working families again. I'm honored to help Mr. Trump Make America Great Again."Sarah Huckabee Sanders has advised presidential campaigns and Fortune 500 companies and has been named 40 under 40 by Time Magazine. She lives in Little Rock, Arkansas with her husband Bryan and their three young children.Mr. Trump will campaign throughout the SEC states leading up to the March 1st primary with events in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, Alabama, Virginia, Georgia, and beyond.
CBNFresh off his Nevada caucus victory, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump set his sights on Super Tuesday, campaigning in Virginia Beach.Trump spoke before a packed theater at Regent University as part of the university's Executive Leadership Presidential Candidate Forums series.Click play to watch Heather Sells' updated report."We owe $19 trillion -- most people don't even know what a trillion dollars is, how many hundreds of millions is in a trillion," Trump said. "It's such a number that, it's a name that 10 years ago you never even heard the word trillion, but we owe $19 trillion."Click play to watch Trump answer Dr. Robertson about what he'd do with the power of Executive Order."A very bad budget was passed just about four weeks ago that's going to add at least $2 trillion to it. So we'll be up essentially to $21 trillion, and at a certain point it's really the point of no return. And you really have to have somebody that knows what he or she is doing," he said.Robertson wanted to know if President Trump would have a litmus test for those he'd nominate to the Supreme Court."In your selection as president, what criteria would you use to pick somebody?" he asked."Pro-life. We want-- It starts with that, starts with it. A very conservative, a very, very smart, I mean like Judge (Antonin) Scalia would be a perfect He was a perfect representative," he said.Watch Trump's response below."I've always said that Justice (Clarence) Thomas doesn't get enough credit. He is a wonderful man, a wonderful guy (applause) and I've always said Judge (Samuel) Alito is a terrific guy. So, in that realm is what we're talking about for me," Trump explained.Trump also addressed the President Obama's signature healthcare law."We're going to get rid of Obamacare," Trump said. "Obamacare has turned out to be a total disaster."He also fielded questions about the Iranian nuclear deal in the country's involvement in Iraq."I didn't want to go into Iraq; it was one of the worst decisions ever made," Trump said. "We lost $2 trillion, thousands and thousands of lives -- thousands of lives. We have wounded warriors who I love all over the place, and what happens? Iran is now taking over Iraq.""When you think of how Iran is doing lately, right? Between the Iran deal, we give them $150 billion -- we got nothing for it," he said. "We should have gotten our prisoners back long before we started negotiating...(Secretary John) Kerry - this is the worst negotiator I think I've ever seen."In addition, Trump did not mince words when talking about his political rival and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton."Boy, did you ever see anybody so nice to the president, though? 'Oh, the president is wonderful,' she says. 'Oh, the president, he's great... You know why she's doing that, right? You know why? I know why. Boy, oh boy, she's become like a marshmallow."Trump also addressed President Obama's liberties with executive orders, accusing the president of resorting to them because he's not been effective in dealing with Congress."You're supposed to get the congressmen in, the senators in; you're supposed to make deals," he told Robertson. "I deal in politics in other countries cause we're building all over the world. And we have jobs going up all over the world -- a lot of jobs. But I have never seen division like you have now.""The country is so divided, whether it's African American, white, congressman, Democrat, Republican. I mean it's just like we have a whole divided country. I've never seen anything like it," he said. "But we used to see, and I used to be part of Democrats and Republicans having dinners together with their families and their wives, and it was a nice thing. There'd be combat the next day, but there would be -- they'd get along -- and they'd get things done.""So today we have a president that can't get anything done, and he signs executive orders," he said.He said he's first reverse Obama's orders on the Second Amendment and his orders involving immigration.With 49 delegates at stake, Virginia is an important state for candidates to secure enough delegates to win the Republican presidential nomination.Trump and others know that making an appearance with CBN Founder and CEO Pat Robertson at Regent University will help their efforts to win the votes of evangelicals, which will be one key to securing victory in the state on March 1.Regent University has already hosted presidential candidates John Kasichand Jeb Bush, who ended his bid after a poor showing in South Carolina.Ted Cruz will make an appearance at Regent on Friday, Feb. 26 at 7 p.m., followed by Ben Carson on Monday, Feb. 29 at 2 p.m., the day before Super Tuesday. CBN News will be streaming both events live.
(New York, NY) February 26th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of Maine Governor Paul R. LePage. This announcement comes immediately following the endorsement of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.Mr. Trump stated, "I am proud to receive Governor LePage's endorsement. He will be a great asset as we continue to campaign across the country, and I'm grateful for his support.""I am pleased today to announce my endorsement of Donald J. Trump, the next President of the United States," said Governor LePage. "Mr. Trump is the only candidate who is funding his own campaign and who will break the grip special interests now have on Washington, D.C. Mr. Trump's successful business record demonstrates he can create jobs for out-of-work Americans. Instead of delivering favors for corporate donors, like the other candidates in this race, he will fight to improve the lives of the American people.""Mr. Trump is the only candidate who has talked about bringing back our manufacturing jobs, returning foreign investments to the United States and finally securing our immigration system," added Governor LePage. "Here in Maine, we have seen firsthand the burdens imposed by politicians who allow illegal immigrants to take advantage of our hardworking taxpayers. Mr. Trump is the only candidate talking about reducing these burdens and helping Americans first."
Mr. Trump Receives Coveted Endorsement Days Before Super Tuesday
(New York, NY) February 27th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump was endorsed by former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer. Arizona is one of the states most affected by illegal immigration and Mr. Trump has received tremendous support from key officials including Sheriff Joe Arpaio, State Treasurer Jeff DeWit and is now proud to receive the support of the highly respected former Governor.Mr. Trump says, "I love the state of Arizona and have received incredible support throughout the state. I am leading in all the polls and we have had amazing events with tremendous crowds. I am honored to receive this endorsement from Governor Brewer."Jan Brewer added, "Arizona's unsecured border is the gateway of illegal immigration into the United States and the politicians in Washington D.C. have continually failed to secure our border. As I've always said: A nation without borders is like a house without walls  it collapses. As Arizona's Governor, I witnessed too much heartache, loss and suffering caused by illegal immigration. I've seen communities destroyed by the drugs, gangs, drop houses and cartels. The cost of health care, education and incarceration for illegal immigrants places a crushing burden on taxpayers. Workers of all backgrounds are deprived of jobs and income from our open, bleeding border.""For years I pleaded with the federal government to do their job and secure our border. Today, we can elect a President who will do just that - Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump will secure our borders, defend our workers and protect our sovereignty. Mr. Trump will stand for our law enforcement, our police and our immigration officers. Mr. Trump will actually enforce the rule of law.""As a Washington outsider, Mr. Trump gets it. He will listen to the people and fight for the citizens of the United States."Brewer added, "As Mr. Trump says: we either have a country, or we don't. This may be our last chance to ensure our children grow up in a country with borders, and with a government that protects its own people. This is our chance - Donald Trump is our chance - to save this country and Make America Great Again."Mr. Trump continues to draw a hard line stance on illegal immigration, with the promise to build a wall along the southern border and stop illegal immigration to protect American jobs and families.
(New York, NY) February 28th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of two true American heroes, who fought against all odds in a hostile foreign land, to save more than twenty-five American lives. Mark "OZ" Geist and John "TIG" Tiegen are two of the individuals responsible for the defense and rescue of dozens of Americans during the terror attacks on the U.S. consulate and at the CIA compound in Benghazi.Mr. Trump stated, "I am truly honored to have the support of these American heroes, the best of their generation. The American people can know with certainty, I will always place their interest above all else. I am the most militaristic person and it is so important to me to strengthen our military and protect American families and freedoms."Mark "OZ" Geist said, "We, perhaps more than any Americans, know the absolute and imperative reason that we elect Donald J. Trump as President of the United States. First and foremost, under a Trump administration, the request for additional security by an ambassador would have been heeded, and second, there is no question, when the attack came,he would have moved heaven and earth to provide the necessary forces to protect and reinforce our warriors. Mr. Trump is the bold, decisive leader America needs at this time". Oz added, "Under President Trump, many conflicts will be avoided because our enemies will fear the United States and our military."John Tiegen added, "It is very clear to see the groundswell of support, never seen before in recent politics. Americans want a strong leader, one who cares more about the safety and freedom of the American people than he does winning elections, or what the press might think. In honor of those we have fought with, I am proud to endorse the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump."Mr. Trump was joined by Mark and John at a campaign rally in Madison, Alabama attended by thousands just days before the March 1st primary contest.
Senator Sessions Joined Mr. Trump in Madison, Alabama to Endorse the Republican Frontrunner
(New York, NY) February 29th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump was endorsed by Thomas J. Barrack Jr., Executive Chairman of Colony Capital, and Andy Beal, the most successful and wealthiest investor in the country and the founder of Beal Bank, one of the most profitable banks in America, located in Dallas, Texas. Mr. Trump has received tremendous support from the business community where he is highly regarded for his negotiating, deal-making and unprecedented success in a variety of industries.Mr. Trump stated, "It is truly an honor to receive the endorsement of two individuals I hold in the highest regard. They are smart, successful and the kind of business leaders our country needs to help negotiate trade deals, create jobs and spur economic development. I am proud to have their support and the support of two business leaders including Carl Icahn."Tom Barrack is the Executive Chairman of Colony Capital, Inc. and is considered one of the foremost global real estate investors. Mr. Barrack and Mr. Trump have worked together and opposite each other on past deals. They have had a great relationship and share a mutual admiration for their respective accomplishments.Barrack said, "Donald is one of the smartest and most astute businessmen I have had the pleasure of knowing. His mastery of financial, political and economic intellectual complexity combined with his charm and emotional intelligence when partnering with New York labor unions, governmental regulatory bodies, Wall Street lenders, sophisticated institutional global investors, demanding developers, global media and entertainment companies and hard-working employees, is a dynastic art form. I have invested with Donald in a multitude of transactions over three decades and he has always exceeded my expectations on every measurable metric of excellence. Donald is the only candidate in America who comes to the campaign trail already possessing power, wealth and celebrityship  He does not seek the Presidency to gain those accolades -- he has them. He seeks the Presidency to return those great attributes to America from whom he received them. I am happy to give Donald J. Trump my full endorsement to become the next President of the USA."Andy Beal of Beal Bank, regarded to as the most successful investor said, "This country is at a crossroads and needs someone who has the strength of character to pursue "outside the box" solutions. I found great opportunity in this country and I want everyone to have access to that same opportunity. I am very concerned that our political system on both sides of the aisle is blocking rather than creating that access to opportunity and is out of touch with the American values that have made America great. Since our inception, our country has always been about creating an environment that fosters opportunity for everyone."Beal continued, "Our government has lost sight of that fundamental principle that makes us all Americans. Instead, government keeps growing at the expense of individual opportunity. Since the financial crisis, our government has squandered many trillion of dollars in increased national debt with absolutely nothing to show for it. I don't agree with everything that anyone says, but I admire people who are willing to say what they are thinking, without regard to the popularity of the statement. Donald Trump is a man who understands the importance of creating opportunity for everyone and who freely speaks his mind. Donald Trump is the man to lead this nation on a new path and to Make America Great Again. I enthusiastically support Donald Trump for President and believe that your support for Donald is essential to put America back on the path to the greatness, that can only be achieved by embracing individual opportunity for everyone."Mr. Trump continues to dominate all state and local polls with the most recent national survey from CNN showing Mr. Trump with 49% support ahead of tomorrow's Super Tuesday contest.
(Valdosta, GA) February 29th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump was endorsed by Brian France, Chairman & CEO of NASCAR, popular retired driver Bill Elliott, and active drivers Chase Elliott, Ryan Newman, and David Lee Regan. France, Elliott, and the drivers endorsed Mr. Trump at a rally attended by thousands in Valdosta, Georgia just one day before the Super Tuesday primary.Mr. Trump said, "I am proud to receive the endorsement of such an iconic brand and a quality person such as Brian. Brian has a wonderful family and is an incredibly successful business person. I have great respect for Brian and I am grateful for his support and that of Bill Elliott, one of the best drivers in history, and active stock car racers, including his son Chase Elliott, Ryan Newman and David Lee Regan."Brian France added, "Mr. Trump is changing American politics forever and his leadership and strength are desperately needed. He has had an incredible career and achieved tremendous success. This is what we need for our country."Bill Elliott said, "It is my great honor to endorse Mr. Trump for President of the United States. He is a leader representing strength and common sense solutions."These influential endorsements come just days after former Presidential candidate and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, and Senator Jeff Sessions, recognized by many as the conservative soul of the U.S. Senate, offered their endorsements of the republican frontrunner.Mr. Trump continues to dominate in state and national polls with the most recent survey from CNN showing Mr. Trump with 49% support nationwide.
New York, NY (February 29th, 2016)  Today Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach announced that he is endorsing Donald J. Trump for the office of President of the United States.In addition to his duties as Secretary of State, Kobach has been one of the nation's most prominent advocates of stronger enforcement of immigration laws. He served at the U.S. Department of Justice as Attorney General John Ashcroft's chief adviser on immigration law and border security during 2001-03. In that capacity, he designed and implemented the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System (NSEERS), which was used to monitor the activities of high-risk aliens in the United States after 9-11. Later, he co-authored Arizona's illegal immigration laws of 2007 and 2010. He has helped numerous other states draft state-level laws to reduce illegal immigration. Most notable were Missouri's omnibus immigration act of 2008 and Alabama's omnibus immigration act of 2011. Since 2012, he has represented in court ICE agents who sued the Obama Administration in an effort to stop Obama's executive amnesty of 2012."I am pleased to announce my support for Mr. Trump." said Secretary of State Kris Kobach. "For me, the most important issue in the Republican presidential contest is immigration and its effect on our national security. On that issue Mr. Trump stands head and shoulders above the other candidates. He has made it clear that ramping up the enforcement of our immigration laws will be his top priority. And he has forcefully rejected the notion of giving amnesty to illegal aliens living in the United States.""Now, more than ever, America needs Mr. Trump's aggressive approach to the problem of illegal immigration. Our porous border represents a huge national security threat, and our refugee system has been abused by terrorists in the past and is likely to be abused by ISIS terrorists today. Moreover, there are too many Americans who are out of work because of illegal immigration or who are working in jobs where the wages are depressed because of illegal immigration.""Finally, on the subject of building the wall on our southern border, Mr. Trump is correct when he says that the United States has the ability to compel Mexico to pay for it. As I have discussed with Mr. Trump, the PATRIOT Act contains a provision that the United States can and should use as leverage with the Government of Mexico. We have the ability to shut down the flow of remittances to Mexico from illegal aliens working in the United States. Mexico will have to make a choice: either make a single payment of $5-10 billion to the United States to pay for the wall, or lose most of the $23 billion in remittances that Mexico receives every year from its nationals working in the United States."
Trump University Civil Case Plaintiffs Featured in Ads Misrepresenting the Facts
(New York, NY) March 2, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump is announcing several promotions within his campaign team in advance of the remaining primary elections. One day after a strong showing in the Super Tuesday primary contests, Mr. Trump has announced new positions for members of his senior staff.Michael Glassner who previously served as National Political Director, will now serve as Deputy Campaign Manager; Stuart Jolly who previously served as Regional Political Director in the Southeast Region is being promoted to National Field Director; Stephanie Milligan who has served as State Director to the campaign in both Arkansas and Oklahoma will now serve as Midwest Regional Political Director; and Mike Rubino who has overseen the campaign's efforts in Virginia, Maryland and West Virginia is being promoted to Northeast Political Director.Mr. Trump stated, "Thanks to the efforts of these talented staff members and the support of millions who understand my vision to make our country, better and stronger than ever before, we have had definitive victories in most of the early state elections and on Super Tuesday. As we look forward to more primary election victories we are expanding their roles within the campaign. I am proud to have assembled a team of staff and supporters who are loyal only to the American people, not special interests, and truly want to Make America Great Again!"Mr. Trump, who continues to be the clear front runner in the polls and the delegate count for the Republican nomination, will participate in the Republican Presidential Debate tomorrow night in Detroit. He will then host events in Warren and Cadillac, Michigan and New Orleans, Louisiana on Friday and a rally in Orlando, Florida on Saturday.
Senator Sessions to Provide Strategic Counsel to Mr. Trump on Foreign Policy and Homeland Security
The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Wichita, Kansas for a major rally on Saturday, prior to the Caucus. Mr. Trump will also be speaking at the Kansas Caucus and then departing for Orlando, Florida to speak to a crowd of approximately 20,000 people or more. Because of this, he will not be able to speak at CPAC, as he has done for many consecutive years. Mr. Trump would like to thank Matt Schlapp and all of the executives at CPAC and looks forward to returning to next year, hopefully as President of the United States.
(New York, NY) March 7th, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump unveiled the latest campaign ad attacking Florida's no-show Senator Marco Rubio, to begin airing in Rubio's home state of Florida, leading up to next week's winner-take-all primary. The latest polls show Mr. Trump with a significant lead in Florida, including the recently released Monmouth survey, showing Mr. Trump with 38% support.Mr. Trump stated, "Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is a dishonest person. He has cheated with credit cards, and does favors for lobbyists. In my opinion, he is a total crook and I am doing the people of Florida a great favor by further exposing him. In addition to everything else, he is an absentee Senator with one of the worst voting records in the history of the United States Senate, instead preferring to spend his time begging for campaign contributions. He takes his orders from the Republican establishment and Super PACs who are spending millions of dollars to keep their puppet alive and well so he will continue to do what they say. Former Prosecutor and now Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, exposed him on the debate stage for being what he is - a choke artist. We are now going a step further."Marco Rubio has violated numerous campaign promises, including on amnesty, betraying every Florida voter. Rubio is well-known in Washington as nothing more than a "yes-man" for his corporate benefactors. A vote for Rubio is a vote to put Rubio's donors in charge of the country. A close investigation of Senator Rubio's friends and finances will reveal that he is one of the most corrupt politicians in Washington, D.C. The ad, titled "Corrupt Marco", can be viewed here:http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/corrupt-marco-tv-spot
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
Transcript:Our country is declining. If something doesn't change, then my children and future generations of Americans will inherit a mere shadow of what the United States once was. Donald Trump offers the only vision of how to change the path we are on. He has shown a remarkable ability to get things done in the face of seemingly impossible obstructions. No one else in this race has negotiated more successfully than he has in advancing towards a stated goal. He has the wherewithal to go the distance while ignoring the legions of bandit lobbyists in Washington DC and their robber baron bosses from Wall Street. He is unbowed by political correctness and unafraid of the Clinton Machine. He understands the geopolitical peril we face and will rebuild America's reputation and military. He knows the deep debt we owe our veterans. He understands the enormous responsibility of leading America. He understands that he is the President of the whole country. He understands that the decisions he makes will directly affect every American for generations to come. He has learned how to make crucial decisions in a career spanning decades, decisions where if you're wrong then you're out of business, compared to giving eloquent speeches from the safety of the Senate floor. I am proud to endorse his candidacy and to be a volunteer in his campaign, and I look forward to his election as the next President of the United States.
(New York, NY) March 11th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the coveted endorsement of Dr. Ben Carson during a press conference in Palm Beach, Florida. Dr. Carson ended his Presidential bid earlier this month and is now throwing his full and unwavering support behind the GOP frontrunner.Mr. Trump said, "Ben is one of the truly great people I know. It is my honor to receive his endorsement and enthusiasm behind this incredible movement we are all building together. With Ben's help, we will continue to grow the Republican party by bringing new people into the process to ensure we defeat Hillary Clinton in November."Dr. Carson added, "I am with the people and the people are with Donald Trump. This is about Making America Great Again."Mr. Trump and Dr. Carson answered questions and discussed key issues such as healthcare and education in Florida before Mr. Trump departed for campaign stops in Missouri, Illinois and Ohio, before returning to Florida on Sunday ahead of Tuesday's winner-take-all-primary.The Donald J. Trump Campaign is also proud to announce that its new Delegate Selection Team will include three former Carson advisors. The new team members handling delegate selection and management for Mr. Trump's campaign will be headed by Senior Advisor Ed Brookover. Brian Jack will serve as Delegate Management Director, and Jesse R. Binnall as Parliamentarian. Barry Bennett, who is currently serving as a Senior Advisor to the campaign, will also be a part of the delegate selection and management team. Brookover will additionally serve as the campaign liaison to the Republican National Committee and Members of Congress.Ed Brookover most recently served as campaign manager to Dr. Ben Carson. Prior to that, Brookover previously worked as political director for the Republican National Committee, the National Republican Senatorial Committee, and the National Republican Congressional Committee and was a Partner at Greener and Hook, a strategic counsel and fully integrated communications firm.Brian Jack most recently served as Director of Ballot Access and Delegate Selection for Ben Carson's presidential campaign. Prior to that Jack was a senior political analyst at AIPAC.Jesse R. Binnall is an attorney and professional parliamentarian. Mr. Binnall's previous clients have included the McCain for President Campaign, the Ron Paul for President Campaign, and the Rand Paul for President campaign. Mr. Trump continues to be the clear frontrunner in the polls and the delegate count for the Republican nomination. Mr. Trump will hold events in Illinois, Ohio, and Missouri today and tomorrow before returning to Florida ahead of Tuesday's winner-take-all-primary.
FOX News
Mr. Trump just arrived in Chicago and after meeting with law enforcement has determined that for the safety of all of the tens of thousands of people that have gathered in and around the arena, tonight's rally will be postponed to another date.Thank you very much for your attendance and please go in peace.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser thatsupports HTML5 video
Commander George Devereux of the CPD was informed of everything before it happened. Likewise, Secret Service and private security firms were consulted and totally involved. We have received great credit from everyone for cancelling this event. Nobody was injured and crowds disbanded quickly and peacefully. It has been termed "really good management and leadership under great pressure!"It would have been easier for Mr. Trump to have spoken, but he decided, in the interest of everyone's safety, to postpone the event.
Mr. Trump Received Endorsement of Bondi Prior to Florida's Winner Take-All-Primary(New York, NY) March 14th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the coveted endorsement of Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, who joined Mr. Trump at his Tampa event the day before the all-important winner-take-all Florida primary. Mr. Trump stated, "It is my great honor to receive the endorsement from a leader as highly respected as Attorney General Pam Bondi. I love the people of Florida, where over the years, I have invested my time, hundreds of millions of dollars and employed thousands of people. Pam is one of the many individuals I have formed a great relationship with and I am very proud to receive her support." Attorney General Bondi added, "People today are looking for leadership, the kind that Mr. Trump offers, that's unafraid to tell it like it is and will do something about renewing America's strength and greatness. That's why I am pleased to announce my support of Donald Trump for President. We have been friends for years, and I know his family personally. I've seen first-hand how he leads, and how he cares deeply about the people of this country. If elected President I know he will bring America's best minds together to preserve what we have, and secure what we need, for the future." Mr. Trump is currently leading all Florida polls by substantial margins.
NBC
The event scheduled for Governor Sarah Palin to take place today in The Villages, Florida at 12:00 PM, has been cancelled. Governor Palin wishes her best to Mr. Trump in the upcoming primaries.
Todd Palin was in a bad snow machine accident last night and is currently hospitalized. Governor Palin is returning to Alaska to be with her husband and looks forward to being back on the campaign trail soon. Mr. Trump's thoughts and prayers are with the Palin family at this time.
(Arizona) March 19th, 2016 - Tucson Border Patrol Agents have issued a statement to voters ahead of Tuesday's Arizona primary explaining how Donald Trump is the only presidential candidate who has stood with Border Patrol Agents and supported their mission. The statement was issued by Local 2544 of the National Border Patrol Council. Local 2544, representing Tucson Agents, is the largest chapter in the Border Patrol Union. The statement, posted to their website, was released by their chapter President, Art Del Cueto:"On March 19th, 2016 Donald Trump's campaign reached out to Local 2544 about a potential endorsement. I informed Mr. Trump's campaign that NBPC had long standing practice of not endorsing Presidential candidates and that as the President of Local 2544, and I would continue to adhere to that practice.However, the National Border Patrol Council and Local 2544 are pleased to inform voters that Mr. Trump is the only candidate that has publicly expressed his support of our mission and our agents. He has been an outspoken candidate on the need for a Secure Border and for this we are grateful.The American public has continually called for a secure border and Donald Trump has promised to make this desire a reality. His campaign has expressed an interest in a Border Patrol's Agent's perspective and a tour of our border, that we will gladly provide. We do not seek to give tours but if asked we will happily provide a tour that gives a realistic idea of what our agents face on a daily basis. Donald Trump is the only candidate who has expressed this interest.We are confident that the National Border Patrol Council's longstanding message about the unsecured border and much needed support for our Agents will be received well by Mr. Trump. The American public deserves to be secure in their own country and we encourage all voters to consider that candidate that has the political will to make it happen."To view the statement on Local 2544's website, please click here. Mr. Trump is deeply grateful for the selfless public service of Border Patrol Agents protecting our nation. Mr. Trump stands strongly behind all Border Patrol Agents and will completely secure the border, enforce all federal immigration laws, safeguard U.S. communities, and finally give our Border Patrol Agents the tools, support and resources they need to fulfill their vital mission.
This evening Donald J. Trump spoke at AIPAC in Washington, D.C. Mr. Trump took a strong position on Israel in a speech prepared with input from key foreign policy and foreign relations advisers. The transcript of the remarks can be viewed in the link below.Donald J. Trump Remarks at AIPAC: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/donald-j-trump-remarks-at-aipac
Mr. Lewandowski was issued a Notice to Appear and given a court date. He was not arrested. Mr. Lewandowski is absolutely innocent of this charge. He will enter a plea of not guilty and looks forward to his day in court. He is completely confident that he will be exonerated.Mr. Lewandowski is represented by Scott Richardson of the law office of Scott N. Richardson, P.A. in West Palm Beach, and Kendall Coffey of Coffey Burlington in Miami.Inquiries are to be directed to Mr. Richardson's office.
Mr. Trump Prepares for Republican Convention - Seasoned Operative Joins As Convention Manager(New York, NY) March 29th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced that Paul J. Manafort will serve as his campaign's Convention Manager. Mr. Manafort is volunteering his considerable insight and expertise because of his belief that Mr. Trump is the right person for these difficult times. He will be responsible for transitioning the Trump campaign's activities as they relate to Mr. Trump's nomination at the convention in Cleveland, Ohio.Mr. Manafort's experience spans over three decades of working on U.S. presidential campaigns, and includes work on conventions for Presidents Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush, as well as Republican Presidential nominee, Bob Dole. Mr. Trump will use Mr. Manafort's years of experience to support his efforts in all aspects of the convention as he closes in on the Republican nomination for President.Currently, Mr. Manafort is an attorney and founding partner of DMP International, LLC where he has been active in business and international affairs for the last 20 years. Previously, he was a partner at BMS&K for 15 years and worked on dozens of international political campaigns in an effort to bring democratic expertise to foreign countries. He served as a director of OPIC following his appointment by President Reagan, and was on the Investment Policy Advisory Committee at the Office of the US Trade Representative.Mr. Trump stated, "Paul is a great asset and an important addition as we consolidate the tremendous support we have received in the primaries and caucuses, garnering millions more votes than any other candidate. Paul Manafort, and the team I am building, bring the needed skill sets to ensure that the will of the Republican voters, not the Washington political establishment, determines who will be the nominee for the Republican Party. I look forward to winning the nomination, and ultimately the presidency in order to Make America Great Again."On his appointment Mr. Manafort said, "I am honored to serve Mr. Trump's campaign, and look forward to helping secure his nomination as the Republican nominee for President. Mr. Trump has tapped into the growing disillusionment with the Washington political establishment. What he has achieved so far is historic. My role is to work with the professionals that Mr. Trump has assembled to protect the victories that he has won in states across the country. I am confident that he will be the Republican nominee and the next President of the United States."In addition, Mr. Trump is announcing that his campaign is opening a Washington, DC based office to coordinate his campaign's work with the Republican National Committee, Congress, and his convention and delegate operations. The office will serve as a conduit for outreach for Mr. Trump's campaign organization nationally.
(WISCONSIN) March 30th, 2016 - America's Border Patrol Agents broke with their long-standing non-endorsement policy to issue their first-ever endorsement in a presidential primary. The letter from their official union, the National Border Patrol Council, endorsing Donald J. Trump for President, follows below:"The National Border Patrol Council is the official organization representing our nation's Border Patrol Agents. We represent 16,500 agents who selflessly serve this country in an environment where our own political leaders try to keep us from doing our jobs. The NBPC has had a longstanding practice of not endorsing presidential candidates in the primaries. We will not, however, shy away from voicing our opinions as it pertains to border security and the men and women of the United States Border Patrol. As such, we are breaking with our past practice and giving our first-ever endorsement in a presidential primary. We think it is that important: if we do not secure our borders, American communities will continue to suffer at the hands of gangs, cartels and violent criminals preying on the innocent. The lives and security of the American people are at stake, and the National Border Patrol Council will not sit on the sidelines.As an organization we expect our elected officials to aggressively pursue the interests of the country. America has already tried a young, articulate freshman senator who never created a job as an attorney and under whose watch criminal cartels have been given the freest border reign ever known.Unlike his opponents, Donald Trump is not a career politician, he is an outsider who has created thousands of jobs, pledged to bring about aggressive pro-American change, and who is completely independent of special interests. We don't need a person who has the perfect Washington-approved tone, and certainly NOT another establishment politician in the White House. Indeed, the fact that people are more upset about Mr. Trump's tone than about the destruction wrought by open borders tells us everything we need to know about the corruption in Washington.We need a person in the White House who doesn't fear the media, who doesn't embrace political correctness, who doesn't need the money, who is familiar with success, who won't bow to foreign dictators, who is pro-military and values law enforcement, and who is angry for America and NOT subservient to the interests of other nations. Donald Trump is such a man.Mr. Trump is as bold and outspoken as other world leaders who put their country's interests ahead of all else. Americans deserve to benefit for once instead of always paying and apologizing. Our current political establishment has bled this country dry, sees their power evaporating, and isn't listening to voters who do all the heavy lifting. Trump is opposed by the established powers specifically because they know he is the only candidate who actually threatens the established powers that have betrayed this country.You can judge a man by his opponents: all the people responsible for the problems plaguing America today are opposing Mr. Trump. It is those without political power  the workers, the law enforcement officers, the everyday families and community members  who are supporting Mr. Trump.Mr. Trump will take on special interests and embrace the ideas of rank-and-file Border Patrol agents rather than listening to the management yes-men who say whatever they are programmed to say. This is a refreshing change that we have not seen before  and may never see again. Mr. Trump is correct when he says immigration wouldn't be at the forefront of this presidential campaign if months ago he hadn't made some bold and necessary statements. And when the withering media storm ensued he did not back down one iota. That tells you the measure of a man. When the so-called experts said he was too brash and outspoken, and that he would fade away, they were proven wrong. We are confident they will be proven wrong again in November when he becomes President of the United States.There is no greater physical or economic threat to Americans today than our open border. And there is no greater political threat than the control of Washington by special interests. In view of these threats, the National Border Patrol Council endorses Donald J. Trump for President  and asks the American people to support Mr. Trump in his mission to finally secure the border of the United States of America, before it is too late."In response, Donald J. Trump provided the following statement: Statement on Receiving Historic Endorsement From America's Border Patrol Agents
Download PDF
(New York, NY) March 31st, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump is announcing that Duncan Hunter and Chris Collins will serve as co-chairs of his campaign's U.S. House Leadership Committee. Congressmen Hunter and Collins will lead outreach efforts to their fellows Members of Congress in support of Mr. Trump's message to Make America Great Again.Mr. Trump stated, "Congressman Hunter and Congressman Collins are conservative stalwarts. I am honored to have the support of these two well respected Members of Congress who share my vision of securing our borders, strengthening our military, treating our veterans with the respect and care they deserve and putting Americans first again." Mr. Trump is conducting meetings today in Washington, D.C. Earlier in the week, he announced that his campaign will be opening a Washington, DC based office to coordinate his campaign's work with the Republican National Committee, Congress, and his convention and delegate operations.
Mexico currently receives $24 billion in remittance payments annually from the United States. This provides substantial leverage for the United States to obtain from Mexico the funds necessary to pay for a border wall. The cost of a border wall is nothing compared to the hundreds of billions we spend year after year providing services and benefits to illegal immigrants. A detailed plan to obtain funding from remittance payments and other proposals to make Mexico pay for the border wall can be seen here: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/pay-for-the-wall
(New York, NY) April 6th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced his New York State campaign organization, including Republican Party leaders in all 27 Congressional District across the state. The committee - comprised of GOP elected leaders, Republican county chairmen and other key party officials - represents the most powerful presidential campaign organization in the state.Mr. Trump stated, "New York is my home and I am so proud to have been able to assemble such an incredible team. I have watched and known these people for so many years. They love New York and our country. Together we will Make America Great Again."U.S. Congressman Chris Collins (R-NY), Honorary Co-chairman of the campaign in New York, said,"Donald Trump will bring back American jobs stolen by China, take on our enemies and help our children and grandchildren achieve the American Dream. If we want to deal with the grave issues threatening America's future, New York Republicans must reject the professional politicians. The American people want a Chief Executive in the White House, not a Chief Politician."As Honorary Co-chairman, Carl P. Paladino, the 2010 Republican candidate for governor of New York and a Buffalo developer, has led organization of the state's Donald J. Trump for President campaign. Paladino said, "I'm very pleased with the courage and commitment our leadership team has shown for Donald Trump is bringing people to the Republican Party like no other candidate in a generation."Dutchess County Sheriff Adrian "Butch" Anderson, a longtime friend of Mr. Trump, joins Paladino and Collins as Honorary Co-chairman. Sheriff Anderson said, "I've known Donald Trump for a decade; I know his handshake is a solemn pledge. Here in Dutchess County, he has done great things, always keeping his word and delivering even more than he promises. What he has done for Dutchess, I know he can do for America, so I proudly stand with him as he works to Make America Great Again."Mr. Trump was honored to be joined by many of the 33 Republican County Chairs at his event in Bethpage on Wednesday night. Mr. Trump continues to lead in all state polls with significant margins and leading in the delegate count for the Republican National Convention.To view the list of chairmen, visit: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/new-york-state-county-chairmen
New York Leadership Team for the Donald J. Trump for President Campaign Inc.Honorary Co- ChairsCongressman Chris Collins, (R-NY)Carl P. Paladino, Businessman and 2010 GOP candidate for governorSheriff Adrian "Butch" Anderson, Dutchess County Co-ChairsCongressman Tom Reed, (R-NY)Assemblyman David DiPietro, (R-East Aurora)Assemblyman Bill Nojay, (R-Pittsford)Chairwoman Susan McNeil, Fulton CountyChairwoman Sandy King, Yates CountyChairman Nicholas Langworthy, Erie CountyChairman Mike McCormack, Dutchess CountyChairman Tom Dadey, Onondaga CountyChairman Joseph Mondello, Nassau CountyNew York City Councilman Joseph BorelliOnondaga County Clerk Lisa DellErie County Sheriff Tim HowardLewis County Sheriff Mike CarpinelliChautauqua County Executive (former) Greg Edwards New York Republican Party County Chairs Endorsing Donald J. Trump for President AlbanyChristine BenedictBronxJohn GreaneyCattaraugusRobert KeisCayugaSusan TannerChautauquaAllan HendricksonChemungRodney StrangeColumbiaGreg FingarCortlandJohn FolmerDelawareMaria KelsoDutchessMike McCormackErieNicholas LangworthyFultonSusan McNeilHerkimerSylvia RowanKingsArnaldo FerraroKingsTed GhorraMonroeBill ReilichMontgomeryRosemary SmithNassauJoseph MondelloNiagaraScott KiedrowskiOneidaPeter SobelOnondagaTom DadeyOrangeCourtney C. GreeneOrleansEdward MorganOswegoFred BeardsleyPutnamAnthony G. Scannapieco Jr.RensselaerJohn RustinRichmondJohn AntonielloRocklandLawrence A. GarveySenecaE. Lee DavidsonSuffolkJohn LaValleUlsterRoger RascoeWestchesterDouglas ColetyYatesSandra J. King
(New York, NY) April 7th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump is announcing that he is consolidating the functions related to the nomination process and assigning them to Convention Manager, Paul Manafort. In this capacity, Mr. Manafort will oversee, manage, and be responsible for all activities that pertain to Mr. Trump's delegate process and the Cleveland Convention.Working closely with Campaign Manager Corey R. Lewandowski and Deputy Campaign Manager Michael Glassner, Mr. Manafort will direct the campaign's activities in areas including delegate operations, Washington, DC outreach and the DC office opening next week.Mr. Trump stated, "My campaign continues to receive tremendous support from voters all across the country. We have won far more states, far more delegates, and millions more votes than any other candidate. The nomination process has reached a point that requires someone familiar with the complexities involved in the final stages. I am organizing these responsibilities under someone who has done this job successfully in many campaigns. This will allow the rest of my team to deal with the increasing needs of a national campaign for both the pre-Convention phase and most importantly, the general election. Paul is a well-respected expert in this regard and we are pleased to have him join the efforts to Make America Great Again."Mr. Manafort commented, "Securing the Republican nomination is an intricate series of steps that requires a comprehensive strategy. As part of the campaign team, my job is to secure and protect Mr. Trump's nomination and that is what we will do. In this regard, I will be working closely with Mr. Lewandowski and Mr. Glassner to ensure Mr. Trump's nomination. I am honored that he has allowed me to join him in this effort. Mr. Trump has created a historic campaign that has moved the American people. He is on the verge of an incredible victory."Mr. Trump will continue to expand his team as the national convention nears and he moves to consolidate his nomination. He is expected to announce several new hires and promotions within the campaign in the weeks ahead.Mr. Trump is currently campaigning in New York, where he hosted a rally attended by several thousand last night and maintains substantial leads in all the polls, with the most recent survey showing Mr. Trump with 52% support, nearly thirty points ahead of his nearest competitor.
(New York, NY) April 12th, 2016  Today, Donald J. Trump announced that he has hired veteran California GOP strategist Tim Clark to direct the campaign's California effort. Clark has 20-plus years of experience running Republican campaigns in California, and has also served as a campaign advisor to several State GOP Chairmen.Mr. Trump stated, "I am pleased to bring Tim on board to organize what is a very important state. I know he will be an asset to the team and ultimately deliver a win in California.""This is an exciting time for the Republican Party," said Tim Clark. "Donald Trump's message of fiscally sound government, restored economic prosperity, and strong national security is reenergizing our Party's conservative base.""We have a very important job to do in California," continued Clark. "By harnessing the excitement surrounding Mr. Trump's candidacy, it's our intention to deliver one-hundred and seventy-two delegates for Trump to the national convention."Tim will build out a top-tier state-wide operation and Mr. Trump will be traveling to California several times before the primary in June, where he currently leads in all state polls.
Mr. Trump Adds 12 Delegates With Missouri Win(New York, NY) April 12th, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump has been certified as the winner of the Missouri Republican Presidential Primary, which means he will receive 12 additional delegates from the state.Mr. Trump said, "Thank you to the great people of Missouri who voted for me and the state officials who worked to ensure the votes of the people mattered. It is great to have yet another victory as we look forward to the upcoming primary in New York."Mr. Trump continues to be the only Republican candidate with a clear path to receiving enough delegates to be the Republican Party Presidential nominee. Mr. Trump has millions more votes and is the definitive front-runner with more delegates than any other candidate. He is focused on the upcoming primary in his home state of New York. The most recent poll shows Mr. Trump leading with 60% in the Empire State, a 43-point advantage over his nearest rival.
(New York, NY) April 13th, 2016  Today, Donald J. Trump announced that he has hired veteran political strategist Rick Wiley as National Political Director to head the campaign's statewide field operations.Mr. Trump stated, "Rick is a seasoned political expert with a very successful career in winning elections. He brings decades of experience, and his deep ties to political leaders and activists across the country will be a tremendous asset as we enter the final phase of securing the nomination."Mr. Wiley said, "Voters are frustrated with the political status quo in our country and are hungry for an outsider to shake up Washington. Donald Trump has energized millions of hard working people across the country with his no-nonsense straight talk and will bring his record of success to tackle the real problems that face our nation."Previously, Mr. Wiley has held several roles with the RNC including National Political Director, and has managed multiple election campaigns.
Corey Lewandowski is gratified by the decision to drop the misdemeanor charge and appreciates the thoughtful consideration and professionalism by the Palm Beach State Attorney and his staff who carefully reviewed this matter, as well as Mr. Trump's loyalty and the support of his colleagues and family during this time. The matter is now concluded.
(New York, NY) April 22  Today Donald J. Trump announced he has accepted an invitation from The National Interest Magazine, and its parent institution, The Center for the National Interest, to address the organization at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday, April 27 at 12:00 p.m.Mr. Trump stated, "I am honored to be invited to speak at an organization founded by former President Richard Nixon, and look forward to sharing my views on the many serious foreign policy issues facing our country and our allies around the world. Trade, immigration and security policies are critical concerns of all Americans, and we must develop a clear, consistent long-term foreign policy for making America safe and prosperous."Mr. Dimitri Simes, the President of the Center for the National Interest and Publisher of the magazine commented, "We are delighted to have Mr. Trump share his views on key global policies at such an important time during the 2016 presidential race. Engaging the foreign policy community and top experts is essential for the United States to develop an effective foreign policy agenda, and we applaud Mr. Trump for his commitment to this important arena."The Center was established by former President Richard Nixon to serve as a voice for strategic realism in U.S. foreign policy. The Center seeks to stimulate debate and promote public understanding of U.S. foreign policy and international affairs.Mr. Trump's speech will focus on several critical foreign policy issues facing our nation including global trade, and economic and national security policies. The event will be presided over by The Honorable Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Afghanistan and Iraq, and an Advisory Council Member of the Center for the National Interest.
(New York, NY) April 25th  Today, Donald J. Trump announced that he has hired Ken McKay as Senior Adviser to support the delegate operations team. Ken has formidable grassroots operations experience and is ideally positioned to further bolster the Trump campaign's field efforts. Mr. Trump stated, "Ken has a proven track record in winning state political races. He will support our delegate operations team and bolster our ground game efforts. He brings tremendous experience to the job, and I know he is up to the task of working with my team."On his announcement, Mr. McKay commented, "I am very honored to have the opportunity to work with Mr. Trump and such a resilient campaign. There is no question that he is the presumptive nominee, and will unify our party to take back the White House in November." Previously, Mr. McKay has held several roles with the RNC and the Republican Governors Association including under former Chairmen and former presidential candidates, Bobby Jindal and Chris Christie.
(WASHINGTON, DC) April 27, 2016  In a major address today, Republican presidential candidate and GOP front-runner, Donald J. Trump detailed his views on critical foreign policy issues, making it abundantly clear that he is committed to prioritizing America first in national security, international diplomacy and global trade."Today, our foreign policy is a complete and total disaster," Mr. Trump said. "There's no vision, no strategic purpose, no direction, no consistency."In his speech before The National Interest Magazine and its parent institution, The Center for the National Interest, and invited guests, the presumptive GOP nominee for President of the United States articulated five important criticisms of American foreign policy: the nation's resources are overextended; many of our allies aren't paying their fair share; our friends fear they can't depend on us; our rivals no longer respect us  and the country doesn't have clear foreign policy goals."All of this is going to change when I am President," he said. "America is going to be strong again. America is going to be a reliable friend and ally again."As President, he would ensure the defeat of ISIS as a major foreign policy goal. "I have a simple message for ISIS: Their days are numbered. I won't tell them where and I won't tell them how. We must, as a nation, be strong and resilient. They're going to be gone."The front-runner also pledged to rebuild America's military and the national economy  two vital pillars of a peaceful and secure world. "We will spend what we need to rebuild our military. Our military dominance must be unquestioned," he said. "We are also going to have to change our trade, immigration and economic policies to make our economy strong again  and to put Americans first again."After criticizing the "reckless, rudderless and aimless foreign policy" of President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump outlined a more coherent international vision. "Our foreign policy goals must be based on America's core national security interests," he said. He pledged to defeat radical Islam in the Middle East and to focus on stability in the region, not nation-building. Recognizing the differences America has with China and Russia, he also vowed to "seek common ground based on shared interests.""My goal is to establish a foreign policy that will endure for several generations centered on prioritizing America first. Under a Trump Administration, no American citizen will ever again feel that their needs come second to the citizens of foreign countries," he said.Mr. Trump's prepared remarks can be viewed here: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-foreign-policy-speech
(Knoxville, TN) April 30th, 2016 - Today, Rep. John J. Duncan, Jr., one of the most senior Republicans in the House and the only Republican remaining in Congress who voted against the Iraq War today endorsed Donald Trump for President."With only four percent of the world's population, we buy 25 percent of the world's goods. Every country wants into our markets. We have tremendous leverage on trade we have not used. Donald Trump will do that.""With 58 percent of the people in this world having to get by on less than $4.00 a day, hundreds of millions want to come here. Our economy and infrastructure could not handle all these people, and this means our immigration laws must be enforced. Donald Trump will do that.""Finally, almost all Americans now believe it has been a horrible mistake to spend trillions fighting no-win wars in the Middle East. We must start rebuilding our own Country. Donald Trump will do that.""For all these reasons, I enthusiastically endorse Donald Trump for President.""I am pleased to have the support of Representative Duncan (TN) who is one of the most fiscally conservative Members of the House. If more Members voted like Rep. Duncan, we wouldn't be wasting trillions of the taxpayer dollars in foreign countries," said Trump.
Steven Mnuchin to Serve Critical Role as Trump Campaign Gears up for General Election(New York, NY) May 5, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced Steven Mnuchin will serve as National Finance Chairman. Mr. Trump is the presumptive Republican Nomination for President of the United States and is taking steps to gear up for a General Election against Democratic Nominee Hillary Clinton.Mr. Trump has self-funded his successful primary battle and will likewise be putting up substantial money toward the general election. Mr. Trump stated, "Steven is a professional at the highest level with an extensive and very successful financial background. He brings unprecedented experience and expertise to a fundraising operation that will benefit the Republican Party and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton."National Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin is Chairman and CEO of Dune Capital Management LP, a private investment firm. He is also Chairman of Dune Entertainment Partners LLC. From 2009-2015, he was Founder, Chairman, and CEO of OneWest Bank Group LLC, a bank holding company he owned with a consortium of private investors. The bank merger was the first transaction over 50 billion dollars post the financial crisis. He also previously held a position as a partner at Goldman Sachs and has a B.A. from Yale University. Steven has previously worked with Mr. Trump in a business capacity and brings his expertise in finance to what will be an extremely successful fundraising operation for the Republican Party.Steven Mnuchin stated, "It's a great privilege to be working with Mr. Trump to create a world class finance organization to support the campaign in the General Election."Mr. Trump is gearing up to defeat Hillary Clinton in the general election. The most recent Rasmussen poll indicated Mr. Trump has an edge over the former Secretary of State.
(New York, New York) May 6, 2016 - Today, Donald J. Trump received the support of former U.S. Senator Bob Dole. Senator Dole is also a former Republican Presidential nominee and a former Republican National Committee chairman.Mr. Trump stated, "I want to thank Senator Bob Dole for his endorsement. He is a wonderful man and it is a great honor to have his support."Senator Dole said, "The voters of our country have turned out in record numbers to support Mr. Trump. It is important that their votes be honored and it is time that we support the party's presumptive nominee, Donald J. Trump. I plan to attend the RNC convention in Cleveland to show my support for our party and our ticket, as I have done my entire life. We must unite as a party to defeat Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump is our party's presumptive nominee and our best chance at taking back the White House this November."
(New York, NY) May 9, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump announced Governor Chris Christie (R-NJ) will serve as Transition Team Chairman. Mr. Trump is the presumptive Presidential nominee for the Republican Party and continues to take critical steps to gear up for the general election against potential Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, or whoever.  Mr. Trump stated, "Governor Christie is an extremely knowledgeable and loyal person with the tools and resources to put together an unparalleled Transition Team, one that will be prepared to take over the White House when we win in November. I am grateful to Governor Christie for his contributions to this movement." Governor Chris Christie will serve as Transition Team Chairman, overseeing an extensive team of professionals preparing to take over the White House, and all that entails, in the fall. Governor Christie has been a loyal supporter and confidant to Mr. Trump and the campaign. He has been entrusted to oversee this important task with the goal to implement this team in an official capacity in November. Governor Christie said, "I am honored by the confidence being placed in me by Mr. Trump and look forward to putting together a first rate team to assemble an administration to help best serve the President-elect and the nation." Mr. Trump has begun shifting towards a general election strategy and implementing an infrastructure capable of securing a victory including making key hires, building a finance operation to benefit the Republican Party and unifying the party by working with several Republican leaders now voicing their support for Mr. Trump and his candidacy. All press inquiries should be directed to: Governor Chris Christie's Office: 609-777-2600
"Yesterday the Trump Campaign submitted its list of California delegates to be certified by the Secretary of State of California. Upon careful review of computer records, the inclusion of a potential delegate that had previously been rejected and removed from the campaign's list in February 2016, was discovered. This was immediately corrected and a final list, which does not include this individual, was submitted for certification." California State Director, Tim Clark
(Washington, DC) May 13, 2016  Today, nine Chairmen in the U.S. House of Representatives  Steve Chabot (Small Business), Michael Conaway (Agriculture), Jeb Hensarling (Financial Services), Candice Miller (House Administration), Jeff Miller (Veterans' Affairs), Tom Price (Budget), Pete Sessions (Rules), Bill Shuster (Transportation and Infrastructure), and Lamar Smith (Science, Space and Technology)  endorsed Donald J. Trump for President and released the following statement:"We stand on the precipice of one of the most important elections of our lifetime. This great nation cannot endure eight more years of Democrat-control of the White House. It cannot afford to put Democrats in charge of Congress. It is paramount that we coalesce around the Republican nominee, Mr. Donald J. Trump, and maintain control of both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate.""Any other outcome is a danger to economic growth, puts our national security in peril, enshrines ObamaCare as the law of the land, entraps Americans in a cycle of poverty and dependence, and undermines our constitutional republic.""There is a path to winning in November, and it comes through unity. To solidify this partnership, we endorse Mr. Trump as the Republican nominee for President and call upon all Americans to support him."In response, Mr. Trump released the following statement upon news of the endorsements:"It is tremendous to be working with these leaders and their colleagues on winning solutions that will really move us forward. A strong House Republican Majority is imperative to fixing the problems facing America and making our country better and stronger than ever before."Mr. Trump has surged in recent polls against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, both nationally and in key battleground states such as Ohio, where he leads Clinton by a significant margin.
(New York, NY) May 16, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of respected former Congressman James Lightfoot of Iowa. Mr. Trump has been endorsed by dozens of elected officials, including Congressmen, Senators, State Representatives and other key members of the Republican Party.Mr. Trump stated, "I am proud to receive the endorsement of former Congressman Lightfoot. I have tremendous respect for him and I greatly appreciate his support."Congressman Lightfoot added, "Today I'm announcing my endorsement and support of Donald J. Trump as the Republican candidate for the office of President of the United States.""Our party and its leadership have failed the country miserably over the past eight years. It seems that those in Washington, D.C. have thumbed their noses at the American people. It has to stop.""Donald Trump is the one person that can make it happen. He understands the feelings of millions of Americans that are fed up with business as usual in D.C. He wants to stop the bloat and runaway spending. He wants to stop the flow of illegals into our country. He wants to bring this country back together and build us back to the greatest country on the globe.""I'm very disappointed at those in office saying they will not vote for any candidate for President. Voting is a privilege and right that millions have given their lives to defend. It is a direct insult to all who have fought for this country, especially coming from the mouths of those that have been living on the government payroll for years.""Mr. Trump is the choice of a majority of Republicans. Let's make sure he is the choice of the majority of voters in November. Without him, this country will continue its downward spiral into bankruptcy and disarray."Mr. Trump has surged in recent head to head polls against Hillary Clinton and is leading in key battleground states such as Ohio.
(New York, NY) May 17, 2016 - Yesterday, Donald J. Trump filed his Personal Financial Disclosure (PFD) forms with the Federal Election Commission (FEC), his second annual filing since announcing his candidacy for President of the United States in June of last year.Mr. Trump stated, "I filed my PFD, which I am proud to say is the largest in the history of the FEC. Despite the fact that I am allowed extensions, I have again filed my report, which is 104 pages, on time. Bernie Sanders has requested, on the other hand, an extension for his small report. This is the difference between a businessman and the all talk, no action politicians that have failed the American people for far too long. I have built an incredible company and have accumulated one of the greatest portfolios of real estate assets, many of which are considered to be among the finest and most iconic properties in the world. This is the kind of thinking the country needs."The newly filed PFD shows a tremendous cash flow, and a revenue increase of approximately $190 million dollars (which does not include dividends, interest, capital gains, rents and royalties). This income was utilized, among other things, for the funding of construction projects at various multi-million dollar developments, reduction of debt and the funding of the campaign.Mr. Trump's income as reported in the PFD statement is in excess of $557 million (which does not include dividends, interest, capital gains, rents and royalties). Mr. Trump's net worth has increased since the last statement was filed in July of 2015. As of this date, Mr. Trump's net worth is in excess of $10 billion dollars.
(New York, NY) May 18, 2016 - Today Donald J. Trump released the much-anticipated list of people he would consider as potential replacements for Justice Scalia at the United States Supreme Court. This list was compiled, first and foremost, based on constitutional principles, with input from highly respected conservatives and Republican Party leadership.Mr. Trump stated, "Justice Scalia was a remarkable person and a brilliant Supreme Court Justice. His career was defined by his reverence for the Constitution and his legacy of protecting Americans' most cherished freedoms. He was a Justice who did not believe in legislating from the bench and he is a person whom I held in the highest regard and will always greatly respect his intelligence and conviction to uphold the Constitution of our country. The following list of potential Supreme Court justices is representative of the kind of constitutional principles I value and, as President, I plan to use this list as a guide to nominate our next United States Supreme Court Justices."Steven CollotonSteven Colloton of Iowa is a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, a position he has held since President George W. Bush appointed him in 2003. Judge Colloton has a rsum that also includes distinguished service as the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, a Special Assistant to the Attorney General in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, and a lecturer of law at the University of Iowa. He received his law degree from Yale, and he clerked for Chief Justice William Rehnquist. Judge Colloton is an Iowa native.Allison EidAllison Eid of Colorado is an associate justice of the Colorado Supreme Court. Colorado Governor Bill Owens appointed her to the seat in 2006; she was later retained for a full term by the voters (with 75% of voters favoring retention). Prior to her judicial service, Justice Eid served as Colorado's solicitor general and as a law professor at the University of Colorado. Justice Eid attended the University of Chicago Law School, and she clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas.Raymond GruenderRaymond Gruender of Missouri has been a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit since his 2004 appointment by President George W. Bush. Judge Gruender, who sits in St. Louis, Missouri, has extensive prosecutorial experience, culminating with his time as the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri. Judge Gruender received a law degree and an M.B.A. from Washington University in St. Louis.Thomas HardimanThomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania has been a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit since 2007. Prior to serving as a circuit judge, he served as a judge of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania since 2003. Before his judicial service, Judge Hardiman worked in private practice in Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh. Judge Hardiman was the first in his family to attend college, graduating from Notre Dame.Raymond KethledgeRaymond Kethledge of Michigan has been a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit since 2008. Before his judicial service, Judge Kethledge served as judiciary counsel to Michigan Senator Spencer Abraham, worked as a partner in two law firms, and worked as an in-house counsel for the Ford Motor Company. Judge Kethledge obtained his law degree from the University of Michigan and clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy.Joan LarsenJoan Larsen of Michigan is an Associate Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court. Justice Larsen was a professor at the University of Michigan School of Law from 1998 until her appointment to the bench. In 2002, she temporarily left academia to work as an Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. Justice Larsen received her law degree from Northwestern and clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia.Thomas LeeThomas Lee of Utah has been an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court since 2010. Beginning in 1997, he served on the faculty of Brigham Young University Law School, where he still teaches in an adjunct capacity. Justice Lee was Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's Civil Division from 2004 to 2005. Justice Lee attended the University of Chicago Law School, and he clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas. Justice Lee is also the son of former U.S. Solicitor General Rex Lee and the brother of current U.S. Senator Mike Lee.William PryorWilliam H. Pryor, Jr. of Alabama is a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. He has served on the court since 2004. Judge Pryor became the Alabama Attorney General in 1997 upon Jeff Sessions's election to the U.S. Senate. Judge Pryor was then elected in his own right in 1998 and reelected in 2002. In 2013, Judge Pryor was confirmed to a term on the United States Sentencing Commission. Judge Pryor received his law degree from Tulane, and he clerked for Judge John Minor Wisdom of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.David StrasDavid Stras of Minnesota has been an Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court since 2010. After his initial appointment, he was elected to a six-year term in 2012. Prior to his judicial service, Judge Stras worked as a legal academic at the University of Minnesota Law School. In his time there, he wrote extensively about the function and structure of the judiciary. Justice Stras received his law degree and an M.B.A. from the University of Kansas. He clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas.Diane SykesDiane Sykes of Wisconsin has served as a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit since 2004. Prior to her federal appointment, Judge Sykes had been a Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court since 1999 and a Wisconsin trial court judge of both civil and criminal matters before that. Judge Sykes received her law degree from Marquette.Don WillettDon Willett of Texas has been a Justice of the Texas Supreme Court since 2005. He was initially appointed by Governor Rick Perry and has been reelected by the voters twice. Prior to his judicial service, Judge Willett worked as a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, as an advisor in George W. Bush's gubernatorial and presidential administrations, as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Policy, and as a Deputy Attorney General under then-Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott. Justice Willett received his law degree and a master's degree from Duke.
Rick Wiley was hired on a short-term basis as a consultant until the campaign was running full steam. It is now doing better than ever, we are leading in the polls, and we have many exciting events ready to go, far ahead of schedule, while Hillary continues her long, boring quest against Bernie. We would like to thank Rick for helping us during this transition period.
Download PDF
"The Republican primary season comes to an end today. With each contest that has passed, Donald Trump has energized Republican voters like never before. After eight years of a lagging economy, failing foreign policy, and broken healthcare system, the American people are making clear that they want a new type of leader in the White House. While Hillary Clinton offers the same failed policies of Barack Obama, Trump represents a movement away from the status quo in Washington. He is a successful businessman with the executive experience and courage we desperately need to bring back our jobs, grow our economy, strengthen our military, and secure our borders. I look forward to continuing to work hard to make sure that Trump becomes the next president of the United States."View more at the link here: http://timesleader.com/news/local/551025/rep-lou-barletta-considered-one-of-donald-trumps-most-trusted-members-of-congress
(ALABAMA) June 7, 2016 - Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama released the following statement regarding Mr. Trump's achievement of exceeding the 1,237 delegates needed to clench the Republican nomination:"I congratulate Donald Trump for his primary victory against a field of seventeen formidable candidates. His message resonated with millions of Republicans and new voters he brought into the Party. The American people made their voices loud and clear. They do not want more of the same.Yet, as we move to the general election, more of the same is exactly what Hillary Clinton offers. More failed trade deals, more failed foreign adventures, more lawlessness in our immigration system.Donald Trump, on the other hand, stood against powerful forces and the conventional thinking of a comfortable establishment to boldly declare that our country is on the wrong track, that current policies are not working, and that prosperity is steadily slipping away from the American people. His message of hope and prosperity has captured the imagination of millions of Republicans, Democrats and Independents. His vision provides an historic opportunity to unify our people and break through old battle lines to enable the greatness of America to arise again.Donald Trump cares that working Americans are hurting, he understands the policy errors that have caused it to happen, and importantly, he is determined to use all his strength and skill to get us on the right track again.There is so much that must be done  and done before it's too late. Donald Trump will only negotiate trade deals that benefit America. He will execute a wise, realistic foreign policy that brings peace through strength. He will finally respect and respond to the American people's demand for a lawful immigration system that serves America's interests. He will nominate judges of great ability who know they serve under the laws and Constitution, and are not above them. He will sign legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare, not veto it. He will produce a tax code that is fair to all and promotes jobs and better wages. He will stop wasteful Washington spending and restore fiscal sanity.The choice could not be clearer. A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for a failed status quo that for too long has put the special interests ahead of the people's interests. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote for American security, sovereignty and prosperity.In the coming months, I look forward to working with Mr. Trump and his millions of supporters to make America great again."
Congressman Chris Collins released the following statement today as the Republican primary season wraps up and Donald Trump looks towards Election Day:"Donald Trump has energized millions of Americans across this country by ignoring political correctness and directly addressing the issues affecting everyday Americans. This November voters will have a choice between a scandal plagued career politician who will push another four years of Barack Obama's failed policies, and a chief executive who is committed to changing Washington. For the millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet. The choice is clear."Donald Trump has the guts and fortitude to tackle the serious challenges facing our country, and like he has done throughout his business career, he will help America win again. He is committed to reducing our deficit, helping our veterans and standing strong in support of our Constitutional rights. When Mr. Trump tells America he will be a president who will create jobs, win negotiations and stand up to our enemies, voters believe him because he has done it his whole career."
(Florida) June 11, 2016 - Dena Stebbins DeCamp, spoke on behalf of the Florida Federation of Republican Women, Endorsed Donald J. Trump at a June 11 Tampa Republican Rally (Lakeland). As a testament to the hard work for the Republican Party provided by Republican Women throughout Florida and across the nation, Dena Stebbins DeCamp, president of the largest conservative women's organization in the state, the Florida Federation of Republican Women, was tapped to help introduce the presumptive nominee of the Republican Party for President, Donald J. Trump, at a Trump rally on June 11 at the Tampa Convention Center. This honor also serves as a testament to Federation members across Florida who have unparalleled, proven success in Getting Out the Vote. In her proudest voice, she announced, "I am pleased to tell you today that the Florida Federation of Republican Women is proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for President of the United States of America." Her remarks were also historic because, "This is the first time in the organization's 65 year history that a state Federation President has been so honored, a long-overdue recognition of the nation-wide work tens of thousands of women do day in and day out to advance the goals of the Republican Party," DeCamp advised.In Florida, more than 60 federations across the state report to Ms. Decamp, who is also a Director of the National Federation of Republican Women headquartered outside of Washington, D.C., and one of 28 Florida Federation members across the state who have been elected by their peers as delegates to the Republican Convention being held July 18-21 in Cleveland, Ohio. In Florida, delegates are selected based upon their work on behalf of the Republican Party overall; not their political views. Ms. DeCamp told the crowd, "this year we already have a Winner! Mr. Trump's non-traditional campaign style and message resonates with voters both here in Florida and throughout the nation. His primary results are historic; he has broken all turnout records, and we expect a huge turnout for him again in the November General Election!" She said women are already working hard across the nation to spread the truth and get him elected. She told the audience the real truth about the so-called "War on Women". She said, "there is no war on women in the Republican Party; women are fully engaged and involved. The most shameful war on women is the one Hillary Clinton has waged on her husband's girlfriends'. Furthermore, Hilary Clinton has a disgraceful record of bullying, lying, cheating and hanging on to her husband's coat tails to advance her personal agenda. Informed American women will not be fooled by a candidate who disgraced our state department, refuses to hold press conferences and hides behind her husband," she concluded. Ms. Decamp also began to dispel the myth that the Republican Party is not inclusive. "This is just plain nonsense, a fairy tale fabricated by Democrats," and added "here in Florida, I'm proud to announce today that three minority women in our membership have recently qualified by petition to run for the U.S. Congress in Florida." As state president, national federation director, and Republican delegate to the National Republican Convention, Ms. DeCamp left no doubt that the next five months will be a full-court press to see that Donald J. Trump is the next president of the United States. She pledged that she and the federation members will leave no stone unturned to assure that the State of Florida is painted "Red." #### DeCamp contact info:Dena Stebbins DeCamp Email: [emailprotected]Phone: 863-640-4805
Download PDF(Florida) June 11, 2016 - Today, Donald J. Trump received the endorsement from Florida Congressman Ted Yoho.
Due to the horrific tragedy that has just taken place in Orlando, Florida, Mr. Trump is postponing the rally scheduled to take place tomorrow in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. We will make it up in the near future. Mr. Trump will, however, deliver a major speech at St. Anselm's College tomorrow afternoon. He looks forward to returning to New Hampshire and discussing the serious threats facing all Americans and his solutions for making this country safe again.
The Washington Post unfortunately covers Mr. Trump very inaccurately. Today's headline, "Donald Trump Suggests President Obama Was Involved With Orlando Shooting" is a perfect example. We no longer feel compelled to work with a publication which has put its need for "clicks" above journalistic integrity.They have no journalistic integrity and write falsely about Mr. Trump. Mr. Trump does not mind a bad story, but it has to be honest. The fact is, The Washington Post is being used by the owners of Amazon as their political lobbyist so that they don't have to pay taxes and don't get sued for monopolistic tendencies that have led to the destruction of department stores and the retail industry.
(New York, NY) June 21, 2016 - Today, the Donald J. Trump campaign announced a new executive board convened to provide advisory support to Mr. Trump on those issues important to Evangelicals and other people of faith in America.The executive board will also lead a much larger Faith and Cultural Advisory Committee to be announced later this month.The leaders on the executive board were not asked to endorse Mr. Trump as a prerequisite for participating on the board.Rather, the formation of the board represents Donald J. Trump's endorsement of those diverse issues important to Evangelicals and other Christians, and his desire to have access to the wise counsel of such leaders as needed. Mr. Trump has received widespread support from Evangelical leaders, communities and voters, winning the majority of the Evangelical vote throughout the primaries.Mr. Trump stated, "I have such tremendous respect and admiration for this group and I look forward to continuing to talk about the issues important to Evangelicals, and all Americans, and the common sense solutions I will implement when I am President." The executive board members will convene on a regular basis. Certain members of the advisory board are solely responsible for managing Mr. Trump's private meeting with hundreds of Christian leaders scheduled today in New York City. Executive board members include:  Michele Bachmann - Former Congresswoman  A.R. Bernard - Senior Pastor and CEO, Christian Cultural Center Mark Burns - Pastor, Harvest Praise and Worship Center Tim Clinton - President, American Association of Christian Counselors Kenneth and Gloria Copeland - Founders, Kenneth Copeland Ministries James Dobson - Author, Psychologist and Host, My Family Talk Jerry Falwell, Jr. - President, Liberty University Ronnie Floyd - Senior Pastor, Cross Church Jentezen Franklin - Senior Pastor, Free Chapel Jack Graham - Senior Pastor, Prestonwood Baptist Church Harry Jackson - Senior Pastor, Hope Christian Church Robert Jeffress - Senior Pastor, First Baptist Church of Dallas David Jeremiah - Senior Pastor, Shadow Mountain Community Church Richard Land  President, Southern Evangelical Seminary James MacDonald  Founder and Senior Pastor, Harvest Bible Chapel Johnnie Moore - Author, President of The KAIROS Company Robert Morris - Senior Pastor, Gateway Church Tom Mullins  Senior Pastor, Christ Fellowship Ralph Reed - Founder,Faith and Freedom Coalition James Robison - Founder, Life OUTREACH International Tony Suarez - Executive VicePresident, National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference Jay Strack - President, Student Leadership University Paula White - Senior Pastor, New Destiny Christian Center Tom Winters - Attorney, Winters and King, Inc. Sealy Yates  Attorney, Yates and Yates
(New York, NY) June 21, 2016  Today, Donald J. Trump announced that he has hired several staff members to expand his campaign operations and focus on the general election in November. Veteran political operative Jim Murphy, former HR executive Lucia Castellano, digital services expert Brad Parscale, and former Bush Administration staffer Kevin Kellems have all taken roles with Mr. Trump's campaign.Mr. Trump stated, "I continue to build a team of great people that will ensure we win in November. I have received more votes than any Republican in the history of the party and I am confident that, along with my team, we will take our movement to the White House and Make America Great Again."Jim Murphy will serve as Mr. Trump's National Political Director focusing on the campaign's key battleground states. Jim will work closely with the RNC to build a comprehensive political ground game for the general election. Jim has over 30 years of political campaign experience having worked in over 60 national, congressional and statewide races including U.S. Senators Gordon Humphrey and Bob Dole.Lucia Castellano will serve as Director of Human Resources for the campaign. Lucia has developed and delivered business aligned HR programs on a domestic and global scale. She will handle day-to-day HR activities as well as provide strategic advice and guidance.Brad Parscale will spearhead Mr. Trump's digital team as the campaign's digital director. Brad is the co-founder of Giles-Parscale, a digital media and branding company based in San Antonio, Texas. With over 20 years in the digital space, Brad has served the Trump Organization in building its digital platform globally.Kevin Kellems will work to build out the campaign's surrogate operations as the Director of Surrogates. Kevin brings decades of political campaign experience to Mr. Trump's operation and has worked for U.S. Senators Richard Lugar and Dan Coats and served as a communications aide to Vice President Cheney in 2003.The campaign has also added staff to the Communications Division to expand its research and rapid response capabilities. More hires in this department are expected to be announced as the campaign continues to grow prior to the convention in July.Donald Trump has energized millions of hard-working people across the country to support his positions on the economy, jobs, immigration, national security, education and healthcare. Winning almost 14 million votes in the Republican primary, more than any Republican candidate in history, Mr. Trump will continue working for the people and tackling the real problems facing our nation.
The Trump Campaign is announcing the roll out of the new website Lying Crooked Hillary website which will showcase some of Clinton's most disastrous lies to the American people. To receive early, exclusive access to the content, supporters should text TRUMP to 88022 on June 21st. The website will be rolled out over the following days via social media and emails to supporters.As we proceed forward with the general election, it is more important than ever for America to realize how dishonest Crooked Hillary really is. We can't trust her now and we can't allow her to take her dishonesty to the White House. At every stage of Clinton's career, she has deceived the public to enrich herself and family at the expense of Americans. Crooked Hillary has continually placed Washington D.C. special interests' priorities over the interests of everyday Americans. Four years of Crooked Hillary in the White House is not a risk Americans can take. By entering your mobile number you are agreeing to receive periodic text messages from Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. Message data rates may apply. Text "STOP" to opt-out. T&C;/Privacy Policy: sms-terms.com/88022
The lead author of Moody's report, Mark Zandi, was a cheerleader for Obama's stimulus and has regularly appeared before congressional committees on behalf of Democrats. Mr. Zandi, a Democrat, is a maxed-out Hillary donor. http://newsbusters.org/blogs/nb/tom-blumer/2016/03/30/imagine-mark-zandi-economys-head-cheerleader-donated-max-hillary Zandi believes the stimulus worked, but his forecast was way off the mark. In 2009, he claimed that in 2012 we would have 141.4 million payroll jobs if stimulus passed and only 135.8 million without it. In 2012, there were 134.2 million payroll jobs (annual average) or 134.9 million (4th quarter over 4th quarter). Zandi's stimulus projection was not achieved until the 2nd quarter of 2015. Zandi's forecasts for GDP growth were also wildly off. He projected that with the stimulus the economy would grow by 9.1 percent from 2008 through 2012. Actual growth, however, was 3.5 percent over the four years. Zandi's analysis of the Trump plan is based on the same model, which, as shown above, is notably horrible at forecasting and providing policy guidance. Such models assume little or no benefit from tax rate cuts and were used to oppose Reagan's 1986 tax cut and Bush's 2003 tax cut. Zandi believes Food Stamps and Unemployment insurance provide more stimulus than tax cuts or infrastructure spending (see attached chart). The analysis assumes little or no productivity boost from better trade deals, from drawing more Americans into the labor force, and from freeing business from onerous regulations. There's almost no recognition of the importance of new business formation (which has ground down) to job growth and increases in median incomes, and it completely ignores the millions of jobs that will be created through energy policy changes There's no acknowledgment in the report that current policies have caused business investment to disappear and that Trump's effort to battle the establishment and strengthen the rule of law will aggressively attract new business investment (from inside the U.S. and from all over the world). Zandi's analysis warns about the tightening of the labor mark from immigration control, yet admits this will boost wages and incomes for American workers. Zandi's analysis assumes large Fed rate hikes  to 4% in 2017 and 6.3% in 2018, up from 2% in 2017 and 3.6% in 2018 in the baseline scenario  as a result of large deficits. It is unclear that the Federal Reserve would need increase rates to these levels to prevent overheating in an economy that many fear could slide into recession in the next year. On this alone, the report should be put in the trash can. Zandi admits the arbitrariness of the assumptions by providing three different scenarios. Under the scenario that assumes enacted legislation negotiated with the Congress, the federal budget deficit in 2026 is $1.4 trillion--only some $100 billion higher than Zandi's baseline scenario of $1.3 trillion. Considering that the campaign does not have a complete fiscal plan yet, it is remarkable that Moody's likely scenario leads to deficits that are relatively close to baseline. Given the imprecision of estimates for fiscal results 10 years into the future, that difference is not material. One could equally conclude from the report that the Trump policies would do no harm rather than the great harm portrayed by Hillary Clinton in citing Zandi's analysis. What has the Hillary/Obama economic policy given us  the weakest recovery on record! Since the recession ended, real GDP has grown at an annual rate of just 2.1 percent. Other recoveries since 1960 averaged 3.8 percent over the comparable period. GDP would be $2.0 trillion (real)/$2.2 trillion (nominal) larger if the recovery had only been average. Cumulative lost economic output (real GDP) compared with average recovery is $8.0 trillion. Private-sector payrolls have grown by 12.3 percent since the end of the recession. Average recovery post-1960 over a comparable time frame was 16.3 percent. Average growth would have yielded an additional 5.8 million private-sector jobs than has been achieved under Hillary/Obama. Even from the cycle low in February 2010 (Obama's cherry-picking of date), this recovery comes up 2.9 million short. Moody's Estimates of the Multiplier Effect of Federal Policies: http://econbrowser.com/archives/2008/10/pocketfull_of_m
The month of June represents the first full month of fundraising activity for the campaign and this will be reflected in the June FEC report. The campaign held its first campaign fundraising event on May 25th, 2016. To date, the campaign's fundraising has been incredible and we continue to see a tremendous outpouring of support for Mr. Trump and money to the Republican Party. The positive response to our fundraising efforts so far is a further indication that the country does not want yet another corrupt politician like Crooked Hillary.Mr. Trump added, "If need be, there could be unlimited "cash on hand" as I would put up my own money, as I have already done through the primaries, spending over $50 million dollars. Our campaign is leaner and more efficient, like our government should be."
(New York, NY) June 22, 2016  Today Donald J. Trump received the endorsement of former U.S. Office of Personnel Management Director Linda M. Springer. Director Springer served as the eighth director of the office responsible for the federal government workforce. She previously was controller at the White House Office of Management and Budget.Springer said, "I am delighted to offer my endorsement of Donald Trump for President. He is a proven leader with the strength and determination essential to address the critical challenges our country is facing. His commitment to America and repairing our ills has inspired millions. I look forward to joining with them in supporting this historic movement and the candidate who can bring a fresh perspective to Washington, D.C.  Donald J. Trump."Mr. Trump stated, "I am proud to have the endorsement of Director Springer. As a leader in federal government management issues, she understands the need for an effective government that serves its constituents  the citizens of our country. I welcome her input to our team."
(New York, NY) June 23, 2016 - Donald J. Trump has just announced he has honored the pledge he made on May 13, 2016, when he stated, "I have absolutely no intention of paying myself back for the nearly $50 million dollars I have loaned to the campaign. This money is a contribution made in order to 'Make America Great Again."Mr. Trump has fully extinguished (terminated) this loan per his commitment. Therefore, he has personally invested in excess of $50 million dollars in the future of our country. Unlike the all talk, no action politicians that have failed the American people for far too long, Mr. Trump is not beholden to the special interests that have corrupted Washington, D.C. Mr. Trump will continue to put America and our people first.After self-funding his primary election, Mr. Trump and the campaign have assembled an exceptional fundraising operation, which in recent days has been overwhelmed with contributions for the Republican Party. Mr. Trump will continue to ensure the campaign has all of the resources necessary to defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats in November.
BREAKING NEWS: The AP is reporting that Clinton lied about turning over all her work-related emails on her secret server to the State Department for review. In the latest blow to Clinton's secret server spin, nearly three dozen pages of emails between Clinton and her top aide Huma Abedin were on Clinton's secret server were not turned over by Clinton last year at the State Department's request. We now know that Clinton's repeated assertion that she turned over everything work-related from her time at the State Department is not true.Last August, Clinton certified under "penalty of perjury," that she turned over all emails at clintonemail.com, "that were or potentially were federal records be provided to the Department of State."(Hillary Clinton, Declaration On Content Of Emails, Supplement To Defendant's August 7, 2015 Status Report, Executed 8/8/15)"More Clinton Emails Released, Including Some She Deleted" By Michael Biesecker"Another 165 pages of emails from Hillary Clinton's time at the State Department surfaced Monday, including nearly three dozen that the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee failed to hand over last year that were sent through her private server.The latest emails were released under court order by the State Department to the conservative legal advocacy group Judicial Watch. The batch includes 34 new emails Clinton exchanged through her private account with her deputy chief of staff, Huma Abedin. The aide, who also had a private email account on Clinton's home server, later gave her copies to the government.The emails were not among the 55,000 pages of work-related messages that Clinton turned over to the agency in response to public records lawsuits seeking copies of her official correspondence. They include a March 22, 2009, message where the then-secretary of state discusses how her official records would be kept."I have just realized I have no idea how my papers are treated at State," Clinton wrote to Abedin and a second aide. "Who manages both my personal and official files? ... I think we need to get on this asap to be sure we know and design the system we want.""
(New York, NY) June 28, 2016 - Today, Donald J. Trump announced the expansion of his campaign team making several appointments as he continues to build his operations in advance of the general elections.Jason Miller will serve as Senior Communications Advisor, where he will work with the existing team to build out a full Communications Department to deliver victory this November. Mr. Miller will work with several areas of the campaign to ensure messaging coordination and implementation. Mr. Miller has managed campaigns and shaped messages for successful House, Senate and gubernatorial races in addition to serving on the senior staffs of two presidential campaigns.Michael Abboud is joining the Trump Campaign as a Communications Coordinator. Formerly with the RNC Communications Department, Mr. Abboud will work to execute the campaign's rapid response and daily messaging, as well as providing candidate briefings on daily news and breaking stories.Alan Cobb will serve as the Director of Coalitions for the campaign, organizing and managing the numerous coalition groups that currently support, and will support, Mr. Trump for president. Previously, Mr. Cobb served in several roles for the Trump Campaign including as a Senior Advisor. Mr. Cobb managed statewide, political and issue campaigns, served as the Deputy State Director for U.S. Senators Bob Dole and U.S. Senator Sheila Frahm and served as a Campaign Advisor to the 2014 campaigns of Congressman Mike Pompeo and Senator Pat Roberts.On the appointments, Mr. Trump stated, "As we continue to work to defeat Hillary Clinton this November, I am constantly building a superior political team. After winning the most votes in the history of a Republican primary contest, we are taking our messages to the people so that we can Make American Great Again."
Our prayers are with the families of those killed and injured in Istanbul. The whole world is stunned and horrified.The terrorist threat has never been greater. Our enemies are brutal and ruthless and will do anything to murder those who do not bend to their will. We must take steps now to protect America from terrorists, and do everything in our power to improve our security to keep America safe.
 As Mr. Trump continues to argue for change in our rigged system, many who have benefited from these imbalanced trade deals are lashing out tomaintain the status quo. Mr. Trump takes their attacks as a compliment, and proof that his challenge to the system is shaking D.C. Mr. Trump wants trade deals, but he wantstrade deals that are fair, balanced and benefit American workers. Ones that will produce jobs and wealth for our country and our workers. America has lost nearly a third of our manufacturing jobs in the last 20 years. This comes as our population has increased by over 50 million in thesame time. Since 2000, American household income is down $4,000, and the percentage of those outside the labor force has reached its highest level sincethe 1970's. Imbalanced trade deals have negatively impacted the American economy. We are no longer the world's dominant producer and our economy has weakened asa result. Clinton has been on the other side of this fight, as an extreme globalist who fights only for the D.C. special interests. America will suffer underher presidency. Mr. Trump will continue to fight to put America First, and will make sure that any trade deals are in the best interests of the country, and notestablished D.C. special interests.
(New York, NY) July 1, 2016  Today, Donald J. Trump announced that he has hired Kellyanne Conway, veteran pollster and strategist, to join his senior campaign team. In addition, Karen Giorno has joined the national campaign team as a senior political advisor. Kellyanne Conway is Founder and President of the polling company, inc. & WomanTrend, and has more than two decades of survey research experience for political, non-profit and commercial clients. Kellyanne will serve as senior advisor to the campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and a member of the national polling team being led by Tony Fabrizio. Kellyanne Conway has worked with dozens of House and Senate candidates. Most recently, Kellyanne was President of Keep the Promise I, a PAC in support of Sen. Ted Cruz's presidential campaign. She is widely regarded as an expert on female consumers and female voters. Mr. Trump stated, "Kellyanne is a tremendous asset to our rapidly-expanding campaign team. She is a data and messaging expert and terrific on TV. It is great to have her on board." Karen Giorno has expanded her role on the Trump Campaign and will serve on the national team as a Senior Advisor, and Florida Chief Strategist. She was hired in October to lead Florida, as the State Director, and was promoted to Southeast Regional Political Director, overseeing 11 states, after winning the Florida primary on March 15th. Her national role will include developing and executing the general election strategy for Florida, and working with the national political director. Karen is a Political and External Affairs consultant with 25 years experience in political communications, public relations & Issue Advocacy, organizational management, and presidential advance operations. On Karen's advancement, Mr. Trump said, "Karen is a valuable asset to my team and a consummate professional. She has done a tremendous job for me in Florida in the primary, which I won in a landslide, and I am certain we will win Florida again in the general election."
As FBI Director James Comey let Clinton off the hook for her "extremely careless" actions, the fix was final. The Obama Administration's anointed successor has had an indictment removed from her path, and will now be able to glide to the rigged Democrat nomination. As we move toward November, the question now becomes, "what is Hillary hiding?"WHAT WE KNOW Bill Clinton's Speaking Fees Went Up As Clinton Was Secretary Of State  After Hillary Became Secretary Of State, Bill Clinton "Began To Collect Speaking Fees That Often Doubled Or Tripled What He Had Been Charging Earlier In His Post White House Years."  "After his wife became Secretary of State, former President Bill Clinton began to collect speaking fees that often doubled or tripled what he had been charging earlier in his post White House years, bringing in millions of dollars from groups that included several with interests pending before the State Department, an ABC News review of financial disclosure records shows." (Matthew Mosk and Brian Ross, "Bill Clinton Cashed In When Hillary Became Secretary Of State," ABC News, 4/23/15)   "Where He Once Had Drawn $150,000 For A Typical Address In The Years Following His Presidency, Clinton Saw A Succession Of Staggering Paydays For Speeches In 2010 And 2011, Including $500,000 Paid By A Russian Investment Bank And $750,000 To Address A Telecom Conference In China."  (Matthew Mosk and Brian Ross, "Bill Clinton Cashed In When Hillary Became Secretary Of State," ABC News, 4/23/15)  Companies Were Donating To The Clinton Foundation While Lobbying Clinton's State Department  "At Least 60 Companies That Lobbied The State Department During Her Tenure Donated A Total Of More Than $26 Million To The Clinton Foundation"  "At least 60 companies that lobbied the State Department during her tenure donated a total of more than $26 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of public and foundation disclosures." (James V. Grimaldi and Rebecca Ballhaus, "Hillary Clinton's Complex Corporate Ties," The Wall Street Journal, 2/19/15)   "At Least 44 Of Those 60 Companies Also Participated In Philanthropic Projects Valued At $3.2 Billion That Were Set Up Though A Wing Of The Foundation Called The Clinton Global Initiative"  "At least 44 of those 60 companies also participated in philanthropic projects valued at $3.2 billion that were set up though a wing of the foundation called the Clinton Global Initiative, which coordinates the projects but receives no cash for them." (James V. Grimaldi and Rebecca Ballhaus, "Hillary Clinton's Complex Corporate Ties," The Wall Street Journal, 2/19/15)  Foreign Hackers May Know More About Clinton's Emails Than We Do Clinton Can't Name Any Safeguards From Her Secret Server. THE BOSTON GLOBE'S  JAMES PINDELL: "One question about your email server, what safeguards did you put in place to make sure that you weren't hacked?" CLINTON: "Well, I can only tell you there is no evidence that I'm aware of that I ever was." (  Interview With     The Boston Globe  , Keene, NH 10/16/15) Clinton's Secret Server Experienced Hacking "Scans" From An Unknown Foreign Computer.  "Clinton's email server permitted 'remote-access connections directly over the Internet,' a practice banned by the State Department since 2012. This type of software 'allows users to control another computer from afar,' and although these 'programs are usually operated through an encrypted connection  Clinton's system appeared to accept commands directly from the internet without such protections.' Clinton's private server has proved vulnerable to attacks and hacking attempts. Two such hacking 'scans' occurred in 2012 from a Serbian computer looking for accessible doors or 'ports' into the server." (Jack Gillum and Stephen Braun, "Clinton Server's Software Had Hacking Risk,"  The Associated Press  , 10/13/15) WHAT WE MAY NEVER KNOW Emails From Clinton's First Eight Weeks In Office Emails From First Eight Weeks Of Clinton's Tenure As Secretary Of State "Are Missing And Have Been Lost." "Mrs. Clinton's representatives have said she didn't set up her personal server until March 2009. She took office as secretary of state in late January 2009. Before that, she used an AT&T; BlackBerry account as well as an account on her personal domain run off an unknown server. As a result of the migration, emails from the first eight weeks of her tenure are missing and have been lost, her representatives acknowledge." (Byron Tau, "Bid To Find Early Clinton State Department Emails Unsuccessful, Lawyer Says,"  The Wall Street Journal  , 10/22/15) Clinton Was "Unable To Obtain" Emails From First Two Months Of Her Tenure As Secretary Of State. "[Clinton] has been 'unable to obtain' some emails from early in her tenure as secretary of state, according to a newly-released letter." (Josh Gerstein, "Lawyer: Clinton 'Unable To Obtain' Emails From First Week As Secretary,"  Politico  , 10/22/15) 22 Top Secret Emails Which Will Never Be Released  22 Emails Deemed "Top Secret," Are Being "Withheld In Full" And Will Never Be Released To The Public Due To Their Classified Nature.  "A second source not authorized to speak on the record said the number of accounts involved could be as high as 30 and reflects how the intelligence was broadly shared, replied to, and copied to individuals using the unsecured server. The State Department recently confirmed that the messages in question include the most sensitive kind of intelligence. On Jan. 29, Fox News first reported that some emails on Clinton's server were too damaging to release in any form. The State Department subsequently announced that 22 'top secret' emails were being withheld in full; these were the messages being handled by more than a dozen accounts." (Catherine Herridge And Pamela Browne, "Official: Top Clinton Aides Also Handled 'Top Secret' Intel On Server,"  Fox News  , 2/10/16) The Contents Of The Over 30,000 Deleted Clinton Emails Over 30,000 Of Clinton's Emails From Her Secret Server Were Deemed To Be Private And Personal. "A Time magazine cover story about the email scandal released last week reported: 'This review did not involve opening and reading each email. Instead, Clinton's lawyers created a list of names and keywords related to her work and searched for those. Slightly more than half the total cache -- 31,830 emails -- did not contain any of the search terms, according to Clinton's staff, so they were deemed to be 'private, personal records.'' (Shushannah Walshe and Liz Kreutz, "Hillary Clinton's Deleted Emails Were Individually Reviewed After All, Spokesman Says," ABC News, 3/15/15)  Clinton Deleted These Personal Emails.  "Clinton said on Tuesday she deleted all of the personal emails because she thought she 'had no reason to save them.'" Emails That Won't Be Released Until 2018 The Department Of Justice Recently Said That They Can't Turn Over Some Of Clinton's Aides' Emails Until 2018. "Justice Department lawyers are asking for a two-year extension to process emails from Hillary Clinton's aides in order to produce correspondence requested by a conservative advocacy organization. Lawyers this week said they were unable to satisfy a Freedom of Information Act request -- the deadline for which is later this month -- as quickly as once anticipated and now need until October 2018 to produce the records for Citizens United."(Theodore Schleifer, "DOJ Lawyers Ask For 2-Year Extension To Produce Clinton Aides' Emails," CNN, 7/1/16)
"Mr. Trump has created thousands of jobs for American workers while Hillary Clinton has systematically destroyed them. Clinton's policies on immigration, trade, taxes, energy and regulation have destroyed millions of American families and thrown millions of African-American and Latino workers into poverty. She is the enemy of working people, and a servant of the Wall Street donors who fund her lavish lifestyle."  - Stephen Miller, Senior Policy Advisor As Clinton attacks a private businessman who created tens of thousands of jobs in America, she ignores her own record of supporting job-crushing trade deals. Clinton has consistentlyadvocated for global trade deals that have cost America millions of jobs that have been shipped to cheap labor havens abroad. Clinton has shown herself tobe a solid advocate of multinational interests and their pursuit of profits at the expense of American jobs. Clinton will continue to pursue these tradedeals while President, as she has refused to promise to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership, one she has called the "gold standard" of trade deals. OnlyMr. Trump is dedicated to fighting for American workers and not global special interests.Trans-Pacific PartnershipClinton Played A Leading Role In Drafting The TPP, And Has Called It The "Gold Standard"As Secretary Of State, Clinton Took "A Leading Part In Drafting The Trans-Pacific Partnership." "She's pressed the case for U.S. business in Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia, and other countries in China's shadow. She's also taken a leadingpart in drafting the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a free trade pact that would give U.S. companies a leg up on their Chinese competitors." (Elizabeth Dwoskinand Indira Laksmanan, "How Hillary Clinton Created A U.S. Business-Promotion Machine,"Bloomberg,1/10/13)Clinton Had Said The Trans-Pacific Partnership "Sets The Gold Standard In Trade Agreements." CLINTON: "[We] need to keep upping our game both bilaterally and with partners across the region through agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnershipor TPP. Australia is a critical partner. This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind ofenvironment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world's total tradeand build in strong protections for workers and the environment." (Hillary Clinton, Remarks at Techport Australia , 11/15/12)Click To WatchCNN Headline: "45 Times Secretary Clinton Pushed The Trade Bill She Now Opposes." (Jake Tapper, "45 Times Secretary Clinton Pushed The Trade Bill She Now Opposes," CNN, 6/15/15)The TPP Is Projected To Lead To The Elimination Of Over 2 Million U.S. JobsThe Economic Policy Institute Estimates That The U.S. Trade Deficit With The 11 TPP Nations Led To The Elimination Of More Than 2 Million U.S. Jobs In2015. "The U.S. trade deficit with the 11 other TPP countries eliminated 2 million jobs, as shown in Table 2, which reports the number of direct, indirect, andrespending jobs lost (aggregated over all industries). The trade deficit between the United States and the 11 other TPP member countries in 2015 directlyeliminated 418,900 jobs. In addition to the direct jobs lost, the U.S. trade deficit with the TPP country group eliminated an additional 847,200 indirectjobs in supplier industries, including jobs in manufacturing, commodity, and service industries. Finally, wages lost because of direct and indirect jobcuts from the trade deficits with the TPP member countries would have supported an additional 759,700 respending jobs. The direct, indirect, and respendingjobs displaced by the U.S. trade deficit with TPP member countries totals 2,025,800 jobs lost." (Robert E. Scott and Elizabeth Glass, "Trans-PacificPartnership, Currency Manipulation, Trade, And Jobs,"Economic Policy Institute, 3/3/16)NAFTAClinton Has Continually Praised NAFTA As A "Boon To The Economy"In 1998, Clinton Praised The Passage Of NAFTA, Pledging To Continue Free Trade Advocacy: "It Is Certainly Clear That We Have Not By Any Means FinishedThe Job That Has Begun.""At the 1998 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, she praised corporations for mounting 'a very effective business effort in the U.S. on behalf ofNAFTA.' She added: 'It is certainly clear that we have not by any means finished the job that has begun.'" (Kristin Jensen and Mark Drajem, "Clinton BreaksWith Husband's Legacy On NAFTA Pact, China Trade,"Bloomberg, 3/30/07)In 2006, Clinton Said That She "Thinks NAFTA Has Been A Boon To The Economy." "CLINTON: Clinton thinks NAFTA has been a boon to the economy, but voted against the Central American-Dominican Republic Free Trade Agreement, sayingit would drive jobs offshore." (Michael Rothfeld, "Newsday's Guide To Politics And Politicians," Newsday, 9/11/06)NAFTA Has Cost Nearly 700,000 American JobsThe Economic Policy Institute Estimates That The U.S. Trade Deficit Caused By NAFTA Has Resulted In Nearly 700,000 Lost U.S. Jobs Through 2010. "NAFTA led to a flood of outsourcing and foreign direct investment in Mexico. U.S. imports from Mexico grew much more rapidly than exports, leading togrowing trade deficits, as shown in the Figure. Jobs making cars, electronics, and apparel and other goods moved to Mexico, and job losses piled up in theUnited States, especially in the Midwest where those products used to be made. By 2010,trade deficits with Mexico had eliminated 682,900 good U.S. jobs,most (60.8 percent) in manufacturing." (Robert E. Scott, "NAFTA's Legacy,"Economic Policy Institute, 12/17/13)Normalizing Trade Relations With ChinaClinton Claimed She Would Have Voted To Normalize Trade Relations If She Was In The Senate At The TimeIn October 2000, Clinton Said She Supported Normalizing Trade Relations With China, And Would Have Voted For It Had She Been In The Senate.CLINTON: "Had I been in the Senate this year, I would have voted for normalizing trade relations with China." (Hillary Clinton,Remarks To The Council On Foreign Relations, New York, NY, 10/17/00)The Trade Deficit With China Has Cost 3.2 Million American Jobs Between 2001 And 2013During Clinton's Four Years As Secretary Of State, Year-On-Year Trade Deficits With China Increased By $89 Billion, Or Over 39 Percent. ("Trade In Goods With China," U.S. Census Bureau, Accessed 6/1/16)After Normalizing Trade Relations With China, The Economic Policy Institute Estimated That "Growth In The U.S. Goods Trade Deficit With China Between2001 And 2013 Eliminated Or Displaced 3.2 Million U.S. Jobs.""Growth in the U.S. goods trade deficit with China between 2001 and 2013 eliminated or displaced 3.2 million U.S. jobs, 2.4 million (three-fourths) ofwhich were in manufacturing. These lost manufacturing jobs account for about two-thirdsof all U.S. manufacturing jobs lost or displaced betweenDecember, 2001 and December 2013." (Will Kimball and Robert E. Scott, "China Trade, Outsourcing And Jobs," Economic Policy Institute, 12/11/14)Through 2013, China's Entry Into The World Trade Organization (WTO) In 2001 Has Led To Skyrocketing Trade Deficits That Has Killed 3.2 Million U.S.Jobs."Between 2001, when China came into the WTO, and 2013 the U.S. trade deficit with China increased $240 billion. These growing trade deficits eliminated 3.2million U.S. jobs. China became the third largest recipient of FDI in the world, which fueled the growth of thousands of new manufacturing plants thatgenerated exports to the United States and other markets." (Robert E. Scott, "Fast Track To Lost Jobs And Lower Wages,"Economic Policy Institute's Working Economics Blog, 4/13/15)KORUSClinton Called Ratifying The U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement One Of Her "Top Priorities" While Secretary Of State In 2011, Clinton Said Convincing Congress To Ratify The U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement Was One Of Her "Top Priorities." CLINTON: "I am pleased to report that KORUS is currently ready for review by the United States Congress. This is a high, if not a top -- I think it isprobably one of my top priorities for the next months. We are determined to get it done, and I believe we will. We will need your help. It will beimportant to keep making the case to both of our respective legislative bodies." (Secretary Hillary Clinton,Remarks At The American Chamber of Commerce Breakfast, Seoul, South Korea, 4/17/11) In 2012, Clinton Called The U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement A "Historic Milestone That Will Lead To Even More Trade And Investment Between Our TwoCountries."CLINTON: "Today, the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement (KORUS) enters into force, marking an historic milestone that will lead to even more trade andinvestment between our two countries. KORUS will provide new market access opportunities in Korea's dynamic trillion dollar economy for U.S. exporters,creating jobs here at home while increasing opportunities for Korean companies in the United States. This agreement is another example of thisAdministration's commitment to deepening our economic engagement throughout the world." (Press Release, "U.S., Korea Free Trade Agreement Takes Effect,"U.S. State Department, 3/15/12)Since KORUS Ratification, Trade Deficits Have Skyrocketed And Job Losses Have Soared To 95,000The U.S. Has Lost More Than 95,000 Jobs Due To The Rising Trade Deficit With South Korea In The Wake Of KORUS. "Meanwhile, the rapid growth of Korean imports has eliminated tens of thousands of U.S. jobs. Using the trade and employment multipliers implied in theWhite House KORUS fact sheet, I estimate that the growth in the U.S. trade deficit with Korea between 2011 and 2015 has cost more than 95,000 U.S. jobs.Most of those jobs lost were in manufacturing (the growth of the manufacturing trade deficit was responsible for nearly three quarters, or 74.9 percent ofthe growth in the total U.S.-Korea trade deficit). In addition, the U.S. trade surplus in agriculture and primary commodities declined by $1.2 billion inthis period, also contributing to growing trade-related job losses." (Robert E. Scott, "U.S.-Korea Trade Deal Resulted In Growing Trade Deficits And MoreThan 95,000 Lost U.S. Jobs,"Economic Policy Institute's Working Economics Blog, 5/5/16)Colombia Free Trade AgreementThe Clinton's Have Received Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars From Groups Pushing The Free Trade Agreement, Clinton Pursued It's Ratification AsSecretary Of StateBy 2008, Bill Clinton Had "Earned Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Speaking On Behalf Of A Colombia-Based Group Pushing The Trade Pact""Former President Bill Clinton has earned hundreds of thousands of dollars speaking on behalf of a Colombia-based group pushing the trade pact, andrepresentatives of that organization tell The Huffington Post that the former president shared their sentiment." (Sam Stein, "Bill Clinton's Ties ToColombia Trade Deal Stronger Than Even Penn's,"The Huffington Post, 5/25/11)"Clinton Was Paid $800,000 By The Colombia-Based Gold Service International To Give Four Speeches Throughout Latin America.""In June 2005, Clinton was paid $800,000 by the Colombia-based Gold Service International to give four speeches throughout Latin America. The organizationis, ostensibly, a development group tasked with bringing investment to the country and educating world leaders about the Colombia's businessopportunities." (Sam Stein, "Bill Clinton's Ties To Colombia Trade Deal Stronger Than Even Penn's,"The Huffington Post, 5/25/11)In 2011, Clinton Said "We Are Absolutely Committed To Passing The U.S.-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement." CLINTON: "And of course, we are absolutely committed to passing the U.S.-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement to open new markets and create jobs andopportunities for both of our peoples." (Hillary Clinton,Remarks With Colombian Foreign Minister Maria Angela Holguin,Washington, DC, 5/31/11)The Agreement Is Projected To Cost Americans 55,000 JobsDuring Clinton's Four Years As Secretary Of State, Year-On-Year Trade Deficits With Columbia Increased By $6.4 Billion, Or Over 340 Percent.("Trade In Goods With Columbia," U.S. Census Bureau, Accessed 6/1/16)In 2010, The Economic Policy Institute Estimated That The Colombia Free Trade Agreement Would Cost The United States 55,000 Jobs By 2015. "In 2008, U.S. imports from Colombia could have supported 127,000 jobs if produced domestically, and exports supported 99,000 jobs, so net trade withColombia resulted in a net displacement of 27,000 U.S. jobs. Given projected changes, the growth of the U.S. trade deficit with Colombia will displace83,000 U.S. jobs in 2015, for a net loss of an additional 55,000 jobs." (Robert E. Scott, "U.S. Trade Deals With Colombia And Korea Will Be Costly,"Economic Policy Institute, 2/25/10)Normalizing Trade Relations With VietnamClinton Voted To Normalize Trade Relations With Vietnam As A SenatorIn 2001, Clinton Voted With The Majority Of Senators To Normalize Trade Relations With Vietnam. "Passage of the joint resolution that would grant annual normal trade relations status to Vietnam. The resolution would allowVietnamese imports to receive the same tariffs as those of other U.S.trading partners." (H. J. Res. 51. CQ Vote #291: Adopted88-12: R 39-10; D 48-2; I 1-0, 10/3/01, Clinton Voted Yea)Trade Normalization Went Into Effect After Vietnam Approved The Agreement A Month After It Was Approved By Congress."Finally, after ratification last month by the United States Congress, Vietnam's National Assembly voted today, 278 to 85, to carry out the agreement.It is expected to take effect at the start of the year." (Seth Mydans, "Relations At Last Normal, Vietnam Signs U.S. Trade Pact,"The New York Times, 11/29/01)The U.S.-Vietnam Bilateral Trade Agreement Covered Six Major Areas, Including Industrial And Agricultural Goods, Intellectual Property Protection,And Investment Protections."The agreement covers six major areas: market access for industrial and agricultural goods, protection of intellectual property, market access forservices, investment protection, business facilitation, and transparency." (Press Release, "Background On The U.S.-Vietnam Bilateral Trade Agreement,"White House Fact Sheet, 6/8/01)The Trade Deficit With Vietnam Increased Over 70 Percent While Clinton Was Secretary Of StateDuring Clinton's Four Years As Secretary Of State, Year-On-Year Trade Deficits With Vietnam Increased By $6.5 Billion, Or Over 70 Percent. ("Trade In Goods With Columbia," U.S. Census Bureau, Accessed 6/1/16)
(New York, NY) July 6th, 2016  Today the Donald J. Trump Campaign for President announced impressive totals from June's fundraising efforts. The campaign's newly established digital and small dollar operation rolled out fundraising emails which resulted in over $26 million dollars in donations for June ($19.9 million DJTFP efforts, and $6.6 million through TMAGA). This was made possible with over 400,000 supporters, with 94% of our supporters giving under $200. The first email solicitation, which contained an unprecedented $2 million match from Donald J. Trump, exceeded our goal, collecting over $3 million in contributions in one day. Donald J. Trump personally contributed $3.8 million to the campaign this month which brings total contributions to $55 million. The results from this month show the enthusiastic movement the campaign has created. People want to invest in a better future for America and Make America Great Again! The campaign very much appreciates the broad support.The campaign, in conjunction with the RNC, also hosted 22 fundraising events throughout the country for Trump Victory, with contributions exceeding $25 million (which includes the last week of May and June). The Campaign is committed to working with the RNC to support its important operations for the Republican Party.The fundraising team has built a top-tier operation in a short period of time led by Campaign Finance Chairman Steven Mnuchin and his RNC counterpart Lew Eisenberg, The campaign expects the success to continue throughout the summer with broad support on small dollar contributions via email solicitation from passionate supporters."We just started our fundraising efforts in the last week of May and we are extremely pleased with the broad-based support in the last five weeks for the Trump Campaign and Trump Victory. We want to thank our many volunteers and contributors that are committed to electing Donald J. Trump as President in November," said Steven Mnuchin, Donald J. Trump for President Finance Chairman.
WITHOUT AN AGREEMENT EVEN SIGNED, THE EXISTING TRADE DEFICIT WITH TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP PARTICIPANT NATIONS HAS ALREADY COST OHIO 112,500 JOBSClinton Owns The Trans-Pacific PartnershipAs Secretary Of State, Clinton Took "A Leading Part In Drafting The Trans-Pacific Partnership." "She's pressed the case for U.S. business in Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia, and other countries in China's shadow. She's also taken a leading partin drafting the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a free trade pact that would give U.S. companies a leg up on their Chinese competitors." (Elizabeth Dwoskin andIndira Laksmanan, "How Hillary Clinton Created A U.S. Business-Promotion Machine,"Bloomberg,1/10/13)Clinton Had Said The Trans-Pacific Partnership "Sets The Gold Standard In Trade Agreements." CLINTON: "[We] need to keep upping our game both bilaterally and with partners across the region through agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnershipor TPP. Australia is a critical partner. This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind ofenvironment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world's total tradeand build in strong protections for workers and the environment." (Hillary Clinton,  Remarks at Techport Australia , 11/15/12)The U.S. Trade Deficit With TPP Countries Cost Ohio 112,500 Jobs, Or 2.16 Percent Of Its Entire Workforce, In 2015The EPI Estimates That 112,500 Jobs In Ohio Were Displaced Due To Trade With TPP Countries In 2015.(Robert E. Scott And Elizabeth Glass, "Trans-Pacific Partnership, Currency Manipulation, Trade, And Jobs," Economic Policy Institute, 3/3/16)The EPI Estimates That 2.16 Percent Of Jobs In Ohio Were Displaced Due To Trade With TPP Countries In 2015.(Robert E. Scott And Elizabeth Glass, "Trans-Pacific Partnership, Currency Manipulation, Trade, And Jobs," Economic Policy Institute, 3/3/16)OHIOAN'S SOUNDLY REJECT THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIPOhio's Steelworkers Union, Scarred By Past Trade Deals, Have Voiced Opposition To The TPP. "Hundreds of union workers gathered at a UAW hall Saturday. They're opposing a potential international trade agreement. And two lawmakers are on theirside. For Darryl Parker, international trade is personal. He represents steelworkers from the RG Steel plant. He said 1,100 workers lost their jobs becauseof free trade agreements. 'And it's not just the impact of the American worker. It's also the community in which they live, because it's also themom-and-pop shops where we spend our money. It's also the banks that we go and try to borrow money,' said Parker, United Steel Workers Local 1375. Parkerspoke Saturday at UAW Local 1112. He is against the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It's a proposed trade agreement between the United States and 11 othercountries." (James Santelli, "Trans-Pacific Partnership: Union Members Gather To Voice Opposition," WKBN, 4/1/15)Organized Labor In Ohio Has Hosted Town Halls Against TPP, Fearing That It "Will Cost American Jobs In Much The Same Way NAFTA Did." "It's called the Trans-Pacific Partnership - or TPP - and its putting President Obama and organized labor on opposite sides of the argument over it. Localunion leaders met Thursday night to hold a town hall about the trade agreement between the U.S. and 11 other countries that they say will cost Americanjobs in much the same way NAFTA did." (John Kosich, "Local Union Leaders Gather To Discuss The Impact On Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Agreement,"ABC 5, 4/23/15)United Steelworkers, The AFL-CIO, And Other Ohio Unions Are Concerned That TPP "Could Negatively Affect The Country's Export-Import Balance AndUltimately Hurt Manufacturers.""Ohio chapters of unions such as the United Steelworkers and the AFL-CIO are afraid that upcoming federal trade deals could negatively affect the country'sexport-import balance and ultimately hurt manufacturers who make those goods being sold. The trade-related proposals in question at the moment are theTrade Promotion Authority - or 'fast track' authority, as it's been called - and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an agreement being negotiated with 11 othercountries." (Rachel Abbey McCafferty, "Ohio Unions Are Voicing Concern Over Trade Proposals,"Crain's Cleveland Business, 5/20/15)"The Ohio Democratic Party Central Committee Officially Opposed The Fast Track Of The Trans Pacific Partnership On Saturday, April 11 With A UnanimousVote.""The Ohio Democratic Party Central Committee officially opposed the Fast Track of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) on Saturday, April 11 with aunanimous vote." (Jason Perlman, "Ohio Democratic Party Officially Opposed #FastTrack Of #TPP," Ohio AFL-CIO, 4/13/15)Ohio AFL-CIO President Tim Burga "Introduced The Resolution Because Ohio Has Been Decimated By Bad Trade Policy" And Requires A Level PlayingField."Ohio AFL-CIO Tim Burga introduced the resolution because Ohio has been decimated by bad trade policy that has sent hundreds of thousand ofmanufacturing jobs overseas in the last several decades. 'The results are catastrophic - over the last decade 60,000 factories have closed in theUnited States and in Ohio we witnessed the loss of 320,000 manufacturing jobs. In addition to this severe job loss in the private sector, unfair tradeleads to shrinking public budgets that restrict the delivery of needed services and public works projects,' Burga says. 'If given a level playing fieldthe American worker can compete with anyone anywhere. A level playing field means not having to compete with poverty wages in China, Vietnam and othercountries if the proposed 'Fast Track' of the Trans Pacific Partnership isn't stopped. Not addressing the exploitation of workers in nations that theUnited States has trading relations with has created massive downward pressure on wages here and abroad.'" (Jason Perlman, "Ohio Democratic PartyOfficially Opposed #FastTrack Of #TPP," Ohio AFL-CIO, 4/13/15)FAILURE TO ADDRESS THE MASSIVE U.S. TRADE DEFICIT WITH CHINA COST OHIO 106,000 JOBS THROUGH 2013The Clintons Established Trade Relations With ChinaIn October 2000, Bill Clinton Signed Into Law A Bill That Changed China's Normal Trade Relation Status With The U.S. To Permanent. (H.R. 4444, Signed Into Law, 10/10/00) Hillary Clinton Supported Normalizing Trade Relations With China In 2000.CLINTON: "I will work to promote economic development and democracy in Africa and Asia, Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe. And I will certainlywork to ensure that Russia continues to draw down its nuclear arsenal, and that Russia (inaudible) to advance, democracy and religious freedom and freedomof the press. Had I been in the Senate this year, I would have voted for normalizing trade relations with China: I will continue to fight on behalf ofbasic human rights there and around the world." (Hillary Rodham Clinton,Remarks To The Council On Foreign Relations, New York, NY, 10/17/00)The U.S. Trade Deficit With China Has Cost Ohio 106,400 Jobs, Or 2.04 Percent Of Its Entire Workforce, Through 2013The EPI Estimates That U.S. Trade Deficit With China Has Displaced 106,400 Jobs Through 2013 In Ohio.(Will Kimball And Robert E. Scott, "China Trade, Outsourcing And Jobs," Economic Policy Institute, 12/11/14)The EPI Estimates That U.S. Trade Deficit With China Has Displaced 2.04 Percent Of Jobs Through 2013 In Ohio.(Will Kimball And Robert E. Scott, "China Trade, Outsourcing And Jobs," Economic Policy Institute, 12/11/14)NAFTA HAS CONTRIBUTED TO THE LOSS OF OHIO JOBSSince Bill Clinton's NAFTA Was Enacted, Ohio Has Lost 302,800 Manufacturing JobsSince Bill Clinton Signed NAFTA Into Law, Ohio Has Lost 302,800 Manufacturing Jobs. (Bureau Of Labor Statistics, Accessed 5/13/16)In January 1994, 989,700 People Were Employed In Manufacturing In Ohio.(Bureau Of Labor Statistics, Accessed 5/13/16)In March 2016, 686,900 People Were Employed In Manufacturing In Ohio.(Bureau Of Labor Statistics, Accessed 5/13/16)NAFTA Has Left Ohioans With A Negative Impression Of Trade Ohio AFL-CIO President Tim Burga Said That "The Union Isn't Against Trade In General - Instead, It's For Fair Trade" Which He Asserts Is Not BeingAchieved Through Existing Agreements Such As NAFTA."Tim Burga, Ohio AFL-CIO president, told the crowd that the union isn't against trade in general - instead, it's for fair trade. And it's clear the uniondoesn't think that will be achieved through these measures as they exist now." (Rachel Abbey McCafferty, "Ohio Unions Are Voicing Concern Over TradeProposals,"Crain's Cleveland Business, 5/20/15)Gary Kundrat From The Communications Workers Of America Said That Jobs That Left Ohio After NAFTA "Were Good Union Paying Jobs That Unfortunately WereClosed Down And Moved Outside This Country.""'You know those were good union paying jobs that unfortunately were closed down and moved outside this country,' said Gary Kundrat from the CommunicationsWorkers of America." (John Kosich, "Local Union Leaders Gather To Discuss The Impact On Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Agreement,"ABC 5, 4/23/15)Job Losses Caused By NAFTA In Ohio Are Still A "Political Flash Point"The Toledo Blade Headline: "Decades On, NAFTA Still Political Flash Point." (Tyrel Linkhorn, "Decades On, NAFTA Still Political Flash Point,"The Toledo Blade, 3/13/16) At Least 4,350 Jobs In The Toledo, Ohio Region Have Been Moved To Mexico Since 2001. "State data show Ohio has lost one third of its manufacturing jobs since 2000, and Michigan has lost 31 percent. At least 4,350 jobs in northwest Ohio andsoutheast Michigan were shipped to Mexico since 2001, records show, including more than 1,000 jobs from an LG Philips Displays television tube plant inPutnam County that moved nearly all of its work to Mexico more than a decade ago." (Tyrel Linkhorn, "Decades On, NAFTA Still Political Flash Point," The Toledo Blade, 3/13/16)At Least 900 Jobs In The Toledo, Ohio Region Have Been Moved To Canada Since 2001. "Similarly, at least 900 positions were eliminated over that period by companies deciding to move operations to Canada. Jobs also were lost to Poland,France, Costa Rica, Barbados, and China." (Tyrel Linkhorn, "Decades On, NAFTA Still Political Flash Point,"The Toledo Blade, 3/13/16) A Dixon Ticonderoga Plant Relocated From Ohio To Mexico, And Had Its Ohio Workers Train Their Foreign Replacements. "One example was the closure of a Dixon Ticonderoga plant in Sandusky that made chalks, paints, and crayons. Not only did the companymove the plant's work to Mexico, officials had the soon-to-be displaced workers training their foreign replacements. When the plant closed in 2002, therewere about 115 employees there, though employment had previously been as high as 200." (Tyrel Linkhorn, "Decades On, NAFTA Still Political Flash Point," The Toledo Blade, 3/13/16)OFFSHORING AND FOREIGN COMPETITION HAS COST OHIO JOBSEaton Corp. Announced That It Will Close Its Aurora Location And Move Production To Mexico In 2016, Resulting In A Loss Of 152 Ohio JobsThe Eaton Corp. Will Begin To Lay Off More Than 100 Workers Starting April 9, And Will Fully Relocate Operations To Mexico In December. "The Eaton Corp. has decided to shut down its Berea factory that manufacturers quick-connect couplings for hydraulic lines. More than 100 will lose theirjobs. In a Feb. 9 letter filed with the city and the state, Eaton said the first layoffs will begin April 9 and the plant will be closed by December. Eatonplans to buy the couplings from another manufacturer and ship them to a plant it owns in Mexico where workers will assemble them." (John Funk, "Eaton ToClose Berea Plant, Lay Off 102, Outsource Jobs," The Plain Dealer, 2/17/16)Eaton Corp. Announced That It Will Lay Off 152 Employees In Aurora, Ohio In April 2016. ("Current Public Notices Of Layoffs And Closures," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services,Accessed 6/7/16)Appleton Papers, Inc Closed Its West Carrollton Location And Moved Production To Canada In 2012, Resulting In A Loss Of 330 Ohio JobsAppleton Made A Deal With A Montreal-Based Company To Make Its Product In Canada, Negating The Need For Its West Carrollton Plant. "Appleton plans to let go of 330 workers and cease making paper at the West Alex Bell Road plant following a 15-year deal with Domtar Corp., based inMontreal. Domtar will supply Wisconsin-based Appleton with most of the uncoated base paper it needs to make thermal, carbonless and other specialty paperproducts, negating the need to make the base paper at the West Carrollton plant." (Thomas Gnau, "Paper Manufacturer To Let Go Of 330 Workers," Dayton Daily News, 2/23/12)Appleton Papers, Inc Laid Off 330 Employees In West Carrollton, Ohio In March 2012.("2012 WARN List," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Modine Manufacturing Company Closed Its Pemberville Location And Moved Production To Mexico In 2009, Resulting In A Loss Of 230 Ohio JobsModine Announced That It Would Close Several U.S. Locations And Build A New Production Plant In Mexico. "Modine announced in April that over the next 18-24 months, it is closing plants in Camdenton, Mo.; Pemberton, Ohio; Logansport, Ind.; and Tubingen,Germany, and consolidating U.S. production at its facility in McHenry, Ill., and building a new plant next to the current one in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, allas part of a restructuring effort." (Ed Marcum, "104 Losing Jobs At Auto Industry Suppliers," Knoxville News Sentinel,8/20/08)Modine Manufacturing Company Laid Off 230 Employees In Pemberville, Ohio In January 2009. ("2009 WARN Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16) MeanWestvaco Corp. Closed Its Washington Court House Location And Moved Production To Mexico In 2009, Resulting In A Loss Of 316 Ohio JobsMeadWestvaco Corp. Consolidated Production And Equipment From Washington Court House, Ohio To San Luis Potosi, Mexico. "MeadWestvaco Corp. will discontinue its MWV Calmar pump and dispensing manufacturing and distribution operations in Washington Court House, OH. TheWashington Court House facility manufactures dispensers for the personal care and beauty industry. The company is consolidating production and equipmentfrom Washington Court House to its San Luis Potosi, Mexico, plant. The transition is expected to be completed by the end of 2009. A small componentmanufacturing presence will be maintained at Washington Court House. The closure will impact approximately 278 hourly and salaried employees." (MarkHeschmeyer, "Closures & Layoffs (Feb. 1-7): 2008's Brutal Layoff Count," CoStar, 2/4/09)MeadWestVaco, Inc. Laid Off 316 Employees In Washington Court House, Ohio In February 2009.("2009 WARN Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Amweld Building Products Closed Its Niles And Garrettsville Locations And Moved Production To Mexico In 2008, Resulting In A Loss Of 240 Ohio JobsIn April 2007, Amweld Building Products Closed Its Niles And Garrettsville Locations And Shifted Work To Mexico. "Amweld Building Products says it will close its Niles and Garrettsville operations and shift work to Mexico, wiping out 125-plus jobs in Niles and 130 to140 in Garrettsville." (Larry Ringler, "Aluminum Plant To Idle," Trib Today, 4/9/08)Amweld Building Products Laid Off 138 Employees In Garrettsville, Ohio In October 2007. ("WARN Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Amweld Building Products Laid Off 102 Employees In Niles, Ohio In October 2007. ("WARN Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Rubbermaid Closed Its Wooster Location After Moving Production To Mexico In 2004, Resulting In A Loss Of 475 Ohio JobsRubbermaid Moved Its Manufacturing Line To Mexico In 2003, And In 2004 Announced It Was Pulling Operations Out Of Wooster, Ohio. "Some of Rubbermaid's manufacturing line was moved to Mexico, and in November 2003 Newell Rubbermaid Incorporated announced that it was pulling itsoperations out of Wooster, ending Rubbermaid's long relationship with that community." ("Rubbermaid," Ohio History Central, Accessed 6/7/16)Rubbermaid Laid Off 388 Employees In Wooster, Ohio In January 2004.("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16) Rubbermaid Laid Off 87 Employees In Wooster, Ohio In March 2004.("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16) Hoover Company Closed Its North Canton Location And Moved Production To Mexico And Asia Due To Low-Priced Competitors Coming Out Of China In 2004,Resulting In A Loss Of 500 Ohio JobsHoover Vacuum Cleaners Were Being Priced Out Of The Market By Chinese-Made Models. "Maytag has been getting killed by competitors who make their vacuum cleaners in China and have been able to underprice Hoover models by incrediblemargins. You can get a Chinese-made upright vacuum cleaner for well under $100 at Wal-Mart (WMT ), Target (TGT ), or Sears (SHLD ). Hoovers generallystarted at upward of $200. Not surprisingly, Hoover has lost market share, though it still was No. 1 in upright cleaners in 2004." (Michael Arndt, "OnlineExtra: Sucking The Life Out Of Hoover," Bloomberg, 8/22/05)Maytag, Which Owned Hoover, Laid Off Its Workforce In North Canton And Shifted Production To Mexico And Asia, Including China. "Maytag's response was to get concessions from the plant's union, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, and to trim its workforce inNorth Canton, where Hoover began in 1908. Then it started shifting production itself, outsourcing the work to its own maquiladora in Mexico, as well asoutside shops in Asia, including China." (Michael Arndt, "Online Extra: Sucking The Life Out Of Hoover," Bloomberg, 8/22/05)Hoover Company Laid Off 200 Employees In North Canton, Ohio In 2004. ("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Hoover Company Laid Off 292 Employees In North Canton, Ohio In 2005. ("2005 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)World Kitchen Closed Its Massillon Location And Announced It Would Import Bake Ware From China In 2004, Resulting In A Loss Of 227 Ohio JobsWorld Kitchen Closed Its Bake Ware Factory In Massillon And Began Importing Bake Ware From China In 2004. "In late July, Mr. Bush campaigned in Canton, the county seat, just three days after World Kitchen in nearby Massillon announced that it was closing its200-employee bake ware factory in favor of importing bake ware from China." (Steven Greenhouse, "It's Not Just About Jobs, But Where The Jobs Are," The New York Times, 9/5/04)World Kitchen Laid Off 227 Employees In Massillon, Ohio In 2004. ("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16) American Standard Closed Its Tiffin Location And Moved Production To Mexico And Asia In 2004, Resulting In A Loss Of 212 Ohio JobsAmerican Standard Ended Production Of Many Products In The U.S. And Shifted The Work To Mexico And Asia In 2004. "For nearly 60 years, it has been a U.S. business icon making products associated with function and comfort. But when layoffs and production changes arecompleted at a factory here, American Standard Cos. Inc. will be a little less American. The firm's only remaining U.S. plant making ceramic bathroom andkitchen fixtures is ending production of most of its current products and shifting the work to factories in Mexico and Asia." (Gary T. Pakulski, "TheFading Of A Fixture," The Toledo Blade, 6/6/04)American Standard Laid Off 212 Employees In Tiffin, Ohio In 2004. ("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16) Invensys Climate Controls Closed Its Plain City Location And Switched Supply To Come From A Plant In China In 2004, Resulting In A Loss Of 226 OhioJobsInvensys Climate Controls Closed Manufacturing Operations In Ohio In 2004 Citing An Inability To Match The Prices Of Competitors In China."Invensys Climate Controls will close manufacturing operations at its Plain City plant by the fall, putting 220 people - including many older and longtimeemployees - out of work. The company said 125 salaried workers will remain at the 51-year old operation, which previously was owned by Siebe PLC and RancoInc. Invensys, which took over the plant in 1999, said it can no longer match the prices of competitors in China for the valves it makes for commercial andresidential heat pumps. 'We hung in there as long as we could, but if we did not make this decision, we would not be able to compete and would lose majorbusiness,' said Gale Maxwell, director of manufacturing." (Mark Niquette, "Plain City Plant To Lay Off 220 Workers," The Columbus Dispatch, 4/30/04)Invensys Switched Its Supplier From The Closed Ohio Plant To A Plant In China. "Many customers said they would buy from Asian competitors unless Invensys could match their lower prices, the company said. Those customers will nowbe supplied by the Invensys plant in China." (Mark Niquette, "Plain City Plant To Lay Off 220 Workers," The Columbus Dispatch, 4/30/04)Invensys Climate Controls Laid Off 226 Employees In Plain City, Ohio In 2004. ("2004 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)LG Philips Closed Its Ottawa Location And Relocated Production To Mexico In 2002, Resulting In A Loss Of Over 1,200 Ohio JobsLG Philips Shut Down Its Ottawa Production Facility In December 2002 And Moved Production To Mexico, Laying Off Over 1,200 Ohioans In The Process."One of the hardest hit areas in Ohio is the village of Ottawa, in Putnam County west of Toledo. In December 2002, LG Philips shut its Ottawa TV picturetube factory and moved production to Mexico. Over 1,200 workers were laid off. A recent article in the Toledo Blade reports nearly a third of these workersremained unemployed a year later, including some who found jobs after the Philips layoff but were then laid off by their new employer. Others that foundjobs usually had to accept work that was lower paid, and with fewer benefits." (Jon Honeck, "International Trade And Job Loss In Ohio," Policy Matters Ohio, February 2004)The Ohio Art Company Closed Its Bryan Location And Relocated Production To China In 2000, Resulting In A Loss Of Ohio JobsThe Ohio Art Company Shut Down Its 'Etch A Sketch' Production Factory In Bryan, Ohio And Moved Production To China In 2000. "Farther to the northwest, in the town of Bryan (Williams County), workers who made the famous 'Etch A Sketch' toy were laid off in December, 2000, whenthe Ohio Art Company shut its factory and moved all production to China. According to an article in the New York Times, 'Three years later, only a few EtchA Sketch assembly line workers have found other jobs. Most of those who did were lifetime employees who were rehired in other departments, including a fewwho unpack crates full of Etch A Sketches from China.'" (Jon Honeck, "International Trade And Job Loss In Ohio," Policy Matters Ohio, February 2004)Lear Corporation Closed Its Zanesville Location And Relocated Production To Mexico In 2000, Resulting In A Loss Of 360 Ohio JobsLear Corporation Closed Its Zanesville Location When A Multimillion-Dollar Contract With A U.S. Automaker Was Not Renewed. "A major parts supplier to Big Three automakers is shuttering a plant in Zanesville that has operated for nearly 60 years, throwing 383 employees out ofwork. The Lear Corp. plant on Ceramic Avenue will close by the end of October, the chief spokeswoman for the Southfield, Mich.-based parts producer said.The 220,000-square-foot factory, which makes wiring harnesses for gasoline- and electric-powered cars and trucks, will close because company executiveswere alerted in April that a multimillion-dollar contract with a U.S. automaker isn't being renewed, spokeswoman Andrea Puchalsky said." (Dan Crawford,"Lear Closing 383-Worker Zanesville Plant," Columbus Business First, 7/17/00)The Wiring Harness Work That Was Handled At The Zanesville Plant Was Transferred To Mexico. "The wiring harness work for electric-powered vehicles handled at the Zanesville plant will be transferred to a Lear plant in Mexico, but it's not asignificant portion of the Mexican plant's operations, Puchalsky said." (Dan Crawford, "Lear Closing 383-Worker Zanesville Plant," Columbus Business First, 7/17/00)Lear Corporation Laid Off 360 Employees In Zanesville, Ohio In 2000. ("2000 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/7/16)Eveready Battery Co. Closed Its Fremont Location And Relocated Production To Mexico In 1998, Resulting In A Loss Of 250 Ohio JobsEveready Battery Co. Closed Down Carbon Zinc Battery Plants In Mexico To Move The Work To "Lower Cost Plants." "Ralston Purina Co.'s Eveready Battery Co. is continuing its strategy of closing down carbon zinc battery plants and moving the work to lower cost plants.At the same time, Eveready is investing in plants with technology that produces longer-life batteries. On Tuesday the company notified employees at itsFremont, Ohio, plant that it would close the operation next year." (Rick Desloge, "Eveready Closing Ohio Plant, Will Move Work To Mexico," St. Louis Business Journal, 6/8/97)A Spokesman For Eveready Confirmed That "Many Of The Products Will Move To Tecamec, Mexico." "'Many of the products will move to Tecamec, Mexico,' said Keith Schopp, a spokesman for Eveready. 'The carbon zinc operations are being consolidatedat that plant.'" (Rick Desloge, "Eveready Closing Ohio Plant, Will Move Work To Mexico," St. Louis Business Journal, 6/8/97)Eveready Battery Laid Off 250 Employees In Fremont, Ohio In 1998. ("1997 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/6/16)Consolidated Freightways Closed Its Richfield Location And Relocated Production To Mexico In 1996, Resulting In A Loss Of 287 Ohio JobsConsolidated Freightways Was The First U.S. Trucking Company "To Own And Operate A Subsidiary In Mexico Under The Investment Provisions Of The NorthAmerican Free Trade Agreement.""Consolidated Freightways has become the first U.S. trucking company to own and operate a subsidiary in Mexico under the investment provisions of the NorthAmerican Free Trade Agreement. The service is important because of its potential to introduce large-scale less-than-containerload trucking service betweenthe United States and Mexico - a sector that has lagged in recent years as trade between the two countries has expanded. If the venture proves viable, itcould provide a stimulus for land investment, new hubs, terminals and distribution sites throughout Mexican industrial centers." (Kevin G. Hall, "TruckingCompany Puts NAFTA Theory Into Trade Practice," Journal Of Commerce, 10/15/98)CF Motor Freight Laid Off 287 Employees In Richfield, Ohio In 1996. ("1996 WARN List Notices," Ohio Department Of Job And Family Services, Accessed 6/6/16)
Congressman Blake Farenthold (R-TX-27) today formally endorsed presumptive Republican Presidential Nominee Donald J. Trump.Although originally a supporter of fellow Texan, Senator Ted Cruz, Congressman Farenthold says the time for contentious debate has passed and it is now time for the Republican Party to unify around its duly elected nominee."I think we're going to see some conservative motion in the country," said Farenthold on MSNBC in May. "The thing I'm really most excited about is Donald Trump is a deal maker. I spent my six years in Congress with a 'my way or the highway' president. I want a dealmaker who will come in and will get some stuff done and I think that's what the American people want. They're tired of gridlock in Washington."Farenthold said he believes Donald Trump should not stop talking about the scandals that have plagued the campaign of presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton."Given the choice between Mr. Trump and Secretary Clinton, this is a no-brainer. I don't want someone in the oval office that is 'extremely careless,'" Farenthold said.Farenthold took office in 2010 during the "Tea Party" wave that saw the Republican Party take over the leadership of the House of Representatives. He defeated 28-year incumbent Solomon Ortiz in a predominately Hispanic congressional district. He has been re-elected in 2012 and 2014 by a 52% and 56% majority respectively.Farenthold serves on the Transportation Committee, Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and the Committee on the Judiciary.
Delegates Remain Committed to Donald J. Trump; Anti-Trump Effort Dealt Crippling Blow(New York) July 11, 2016  Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued  in line with overwhelming public opinion  that RNC delegates must follow election results and that delegates cannot be stolen at the national convention. Delegate Beau Correll, Jr., had brought the suit against the Commonwealth of Virginia hoping to reject the will of the voters, but was soundly defeated.Specifically, the Court found that RNC Rule 16, which binds delegates based on their election results, "is in effect presently and that it controls the allocation and binding of delegates as to their voting at convention." (p. 6) The Court held that the Plaintiff's "expert testimony" from Erling 'Curly' Haugland was not credible, lacked "textual support," (p.6) and that "delegates are bound by RNC Rule 16." (p. 7)Further, the Court found that by signing the "Declaration and Statement of Qualification," RNC delegates are bound by RNC Rule 16(c)(2) (p. 10), and that this Declaration obligated Correll to vote in accordance with Republican Party rules and Virginia's election results. (p. 46)Trump Campaign Attorney and former FEC Chairman Don McGahn issued the following statement:"The court has confirmed what we have said all along: Rule 16 is in effect and thus delegates, including Correll, are bound to vote in accordance with the election results. The court did not buy what Curly Haugland was selling, and noted that his testimony has no support in the rule's text and was contradicted by his own book, Unbound. This case puts his unbound theory to rest, and is a fatal blow to the Anti-Trump agitators."
Mr. Trump spoke today on the need to serve and protect those who have served and protected us - our police, law enforcement and militarypersonnel.Excerpts from the speech:"We are going to reform our visa programs to ensure American Veterans are in the front, not back, of the line.""Veterans should come first in the county they fought to protect, and under a Trump Administration they will.""Hillary Clinton is the Secretary of the Status Quo""Hillary Clinton's America is a country where the elite get one standard of treatment and everybody else gets second-class treatment.""The decades of decay, division and decline will come to an end. The years of American Greatness will return.""We are going to fight for our military and our law enforcement personnel the same way they have fought for us. We will be a safe, strong, and proud country once again."In addition, he laid out a bold ten point plan for Veterans Reform:Mr. Trump's Ten Point Plan To Reform The Department Of Veterans Affairs1. Mr. Trump will appoint a VA Secretary whose sole purpose will be to serve veterans. The Obama Administration has continually placed D.C. bureaucrats' needsabove those of veterans, this will not happen under a Trump Administration.2. Mr. Trump will use the powers of the presidency to remove and discipline the federal employees and managers who have violated the public's trust and failedto carry out the duties on behalf of our veterans.3. Mr. Trump will ask that Congress pass legislation that empowers the Secretary of the VA to discipline or terminate any employee who has jeopardized thehealth, safety or well-being of a veteran.4. Mr. Trump will create a commission to investigate all the fraud, cover-ups, and wrong-doing that has taken place in the VA, and present these findings toCongress for to spur legislative reform.5. Mr. Trump will protect and promote honest employees at the VA who highlight wrongdoing, and he will guarantee their jobs will be protected. 6. Mr. Trump will create a private White House hotline, which will be active 24 hours a day answered by a real person. It will be devoted to answeringveteran's complaints of wrongdoing at the VA and ensure no complaints fall through the cracks. 7. Mr. Trump will stop giving bonuses to any VA employees who are wasting money, and start rewarding employees who seek to improve the VA's service, cutwaste, and save lives.8. Mr. Trump will reform the visa system to ensure veterans are at the front of the line for health services, not the back. 9. Mr. Trump will increase the number of mental health care professionals, and allow veteran's to be able to seek mental health care outside of the VA. 10.Mr. Trump will ensure every veteran has the choice to seek care at the VA or at a private service provider of their own choice. Under a TrumpAdministration, no veteran will die waiting for service. These days are over starting January 2017.
Today, Donald J. Trump spoke at the Westin Virginia Beach Town Center in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Mr. Trump declared a commitment to upholding law and order in this country, and fighting to ensure that our veterans are served with the best medical care. The Clinton/Obama administration has betrayed our veterans' trust. Mr. Trump unveiled a 10-point plan to reform the VA and place veterans' healthcare as a top priority. A transcript of the prepared remarks can be viewed via the link below: https://assets.donaldjtrump.com/America_First_Means_Veterans_First.pdf
Today, the Trump Campaign is pleased to announce the expansion of the communications team. These additions look to further educate voters on Hillary's liberal track record of deception, and effectively communicate the campaign's message  that Mr. Trump is the only candidate who will Make America Great Again.The campaign has enlisted the services of Bryan Lanza, who will serve as the Deputy Communications Director for Surrogates. Mr. Lanza's focus will be on organizing and mobilizing Trump supporters in an effective way that allows Mr. Trump's America First message to resonate with voters. Mr. Lanza has served as a Chief of Staff for members of the California State Assembly and Senate. Most recently, Mr. Lanza served as Communications Director of the non-profit Citizens United.Mr. Lanza will be the campaign's point of contact for campaign surrogates, and the media should contact him directly with any requests. His email is [emailprotected].The campaign has also brought aboard Steven Cheung, who will serve as the campaign's Director of Rapid Response. Mr. Cheung's focus will be on keeping the campaign up to date on breaking news and pushing back on false or unbalanced reporting. Cheung has worked in communications on several Senate and gubernatorial campaigns, as well as the 2008 McCain-Palin presidential campaign. Mr. Cheung most recently served as the Director of Communications and Public Affairs for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.These additions to the campaign will be critical to spreading Mr. Trump's message and defeating Hillary Clinton in November. The Trump Campaign will continue to build out the communications team as we head toward November 8th.
"As is standard practice for all major businesses, organizations and other entities dealing with proprietary information, Mr. Trump requires employees to sign and adhere to strict confidentiality agreements. When the agreements are not adhered to he will enforce them to the full extent of the law, and Mr. Trump's litigation track record on such matters is outstanding. With regard to Mr. Nunberg, this agreement specifically calls for arbitration, and Mr. Nunberg is simply looking for free publicity using categorically false claims."- Alan Garten, Trump Counsel
Please read the following excerpts from "GOP Platform Gets Trump-ified" by Scott WongDonald Trump is putting his stamp on the official policy platform of the Republican Party.Republican Platform Committee members on Tuesday voted to include language calling for the construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. [T]hey also endorsed language that would impose "special scrutiny" of foreign nationals seeking to enter the U.S. from "regions associated with Islamicterrorism." Trump and his supporters have largely kept a low profile as the committee crafts the policy platform, which delegates will consider at the RepublicanNational Convention next week.But they have made their marks on issues like immigration and trade that have been the cornerstones of Trump's campaign.The only mention of the Trans-Pacific Partnership - the international trade deal crafted by the Obama administration that Trump vehemently opposes - wasstricken from an early draft of the platform.The language on the border wall passed unanimously through a subcommittee and did not attract any opposition or amendments at the full committee hearing.It passed easily on Tuesday without any additional debate. Kelly Armstrong, a Platform Committee member and delegate from North Dakota, told The Hill, "I support the presumptive nominee, and so putting language inthere to support his proposals is a good idea." "By the time we leave the Platform Committee meeting and by the time Republican delegates leave Cleveland, we'll go home united and ready to support DonaldTrump against Hillary Clinton," said Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge, a delegate on the committee. 
Please read the following excerpts from "GOP Platform Panel Moves Toward Trump's Positions on Trade, Immigration" by Reid Epstein "We need better negotiated trade agreements that put America first," the platform reads. "We cannot allow foreign governments to limit American access totheir markets while stealing our designs, patents, brands, know-how and technology."GOP delegates also adopted tough platform language on immigration, calling for a five-year prison sentence for any undocumented immigrant caught trying toreturn to the country illegally after being deported. [S]ubcommittee delegates altered the language to call specifically for a wall, as Mr. Trump has proposed.The platform also states that refugees who "cannot be carefully vetted cannot be admitted to the country, especially those whose homelands have been thebreeding grounds for terrorism." Mr. Trump has called for forbidding Syrian refugees from entering from the U.S. "We cannot allow China to continue its currency manipulation, exclusion of U.S. products from government purchases, and subsidization of Chinese companiesto thwart American imports," the new platform states.
 "President Obama's final federal budget request calls for more of the same failed policies that lead to slow growth-higher taxes, higher spending, and less freedom. The labor force is 14 million smaller from Americans leaving the workforce under Obama policies. A Clinton presidency would surely continue this policy mix, with the same result. A Trump presidency would put in place strong growth policies that would lower taxes while lowering deficits, and promote strong wage growth for all Americans." - Dan Kowalski, Senior Advisor for Budget PolicyPresident Obama today released his final Mid-Session review of the federal budget, his final wish list for the future trajectory of federal taxes, spending, and debt. The report uses glowing tones - an "engine of economic expansion" - but describes a disaster in terms of growth and government debt. Noteworthy findings include: The Obama administration forecasts economic growth of only 2.2 percent this year, down 0.5 percent from projections made just 6 months ago.The long-term outlook has been reduced to only 2.2% per year. That's a continuation of the weakest economic recovery on record. Due to the slow recovery, the U.S. economy has already suffered an $8 trillion reduction in GDP compared to a normal recovery.Obama/Clinton tax increases total $3 trillion over the next 10 years, including additional job-killing taxes on energy production, large and small businesses, and individuals.President Obama even calls for a 7 percent increase in wasteful Washington non-defense discretionary spending after he leaves office next year.Debt under the Democrat policies soars from $19 trillion today to almost $27 billion ten years from now - and the Obama administration calls that an accomplishment.President Obama has operated for almost eight years without caring much about the budget. He will have added more debt than all the previous presidents combined.
'Donald Trump made a smart decision by selecting Governor Mike Pence to be his Vice Presidential running mate'(LOUISVILLE, KY) July 15, 2016  Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell made the follow statement on the announcement that Governor Mike Pence of Indiana has been selected to serve as Donald Trump's running mate."Today, Donald Trump made a smart decision by selecting Governor Mike Pence to be his Vice Presidential running mate."The last eight years have been really tough for average Americans. We are still stuck in the worst economic recovery since World War II. ISIL and other terror groups continue to act out their evil agenda worldwide. We know that Hillary Clinton would be another four years of the same failed policies that brought us such disappointment at home and abroad."Donald Trump and Mike Pence can lead our nation in a new direction and begin to correct the mistakes and mismanagement they will inherit from the Obama Administration."Pence is a principled conservative, man of faith, and talented messenger for Republican ideas. Mike's leadership in Indiana and Congress make him more than ready for the position of Vice President. His addition to the ticket will bring even more excitement to the voters who are eager to put a Republican in the White House and deny a third term for President Obama's liberal agenda."It is time for Hillary Clinton to be held accountable. She has failed the American people throughout her career. Our nation needs new leadership, and I'm confident Trump and Pence can provide it. I wish Mike and Karen the best of luck as they begin their new campaign.
Read the following excerpts from "Republicans in Cleveland Applaud Trump Pick of Mike Pence" by John McCormick & Mark NiquetteRepublican delegates and party leaders gathering in Cleveland for next week's national convention praised Donald Trump's selection of Indiana Governor MikePence as his running mate.As thousands of Republicans prepare to descend on Ohio's second-largest city, the pick triggered high anticipation to see the duo together as a nationalticket for the first time."I'm impressed with his conservative credentials and I think he will be a positive, stabilizing force for the Trump campaign," said Kris Warner, a nationalcommitteeman from West Virginia. "I think it's a very positive move."Haley Barbour, a former Mississippi governor and past Republican National Committee chairman, called Pence "a very solid, well-regarded person."The choice of Pence, who served in the U.S. House of Representatives for 12 years, was a nod to social conservatives and to the Rust Belt, a region crucialto Trump's chances of victory. It adds significant government experience to Trump's outsider campaign for the White House.An Indiana native and former radio talk-show host who became a born-again Christian in college, Pence has championed limited government and social causes,such as opposition to abortion, that appealed to conservatives and evangelicals."He appeals to a different side of the party," said Tom Mechler, chairman of the Republican Party of Texas. "It sends a very strong message for what'simportant to Trump. If there is a lingering concern, I think that is off the table as of today."Pence has deep ties with conservative groups and a history of helping those entities that will generate more enthusiasm for Trump among conservativevoters, said Morton Blackwell, a delegate from Virginia who backed Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in the primaries."It unquestionably will help him with conservatives across a broad spectrum," Blackwell said. "Mike Pence is a full-spectrum Reagan conservative on limitedgovernment, free enterprise, strong defense, and traditional values."Jeff Cardwell, Indiana's Republican Party chairman, said Pence brings assets that will balance the ticket and could help attract votes in Pence'sneighboring Midwest states that Trump has targeted.Pence has overseen a strong job-rate increase and a AAA government bond rating, on top of his years in Congress that include serving on the Foreign AffairsCommittee, Cardwell said. Indiana's unemployment rate was 5.0 percent in May, down from 8.4 percent when Pence took office in January 2013."His record speaks well of his leadership,'' Cardwell said. "Pence brings a lot of value to the ticket."
Trump Campaign Files First Financial Report with FEC(New York, NY) July 15, 2015  The Donald J. Trump for President, Inc. campaign officially filed its first report with the FEC revealing Q2 donations and spending. The FEC Statistics capture financial data from the campaign between April 2, 2015 and June 30, 2015. In total, the campaign had spent approximately $1.5 million dollars as of June 30th. Mr. Trump is self-funding his campaign; however there were 1,052 donations during this time period amounting to a total of $92,249.33 in unsolicited donations. 94% of the donors donated under $250.00. The average donation to the Trump campaign for those that donated less than $250 was $40.14. 98% of the donations received were received on-line to the DonaldJTrump.com website. Mr. Trump loaned the committee $1.8 million and the campaign has a cash on hand balance of $487,736. Mr. Trump's Campaign Manager Corey R. Lewandowski stated, "Mr. Trump has surged in the most recent national polls, which show him leading the crowded GOP field, including the recently released USA Today/ Suffolk University poll, one of several showing Mr. Trump as a definitive top tier choice for the 2016 Republican Presidential primary."Mr. Trump will be in Laconia, New Hampshire on Thursday for a rally; he will then travel to Arkansas on Friday to meet with voters at the Republican Party of Arkansas's 2015 Reagan Rockefeller Dinner and will visit Iowa on Saturday where he will attend the Family Leadership Summit in Ames. Press Contact: [emailprotected]203-273-0226
The Trump for President campaign announces highly qualified staff to manage the day to day operations of Governor Pence's campaign.Today, the Donald J. Trump for President campaign is pleased to announce the expansion of its campaign team. Nick Ayers will be volunteering with the campaign as the Senior Advisor to Governor Pence Marty Obst will be serving as Manager of Vice Presidential Operations Josh Pitcock will be serving as Policy Director Marc Lotter will serve as Press Secretary KellyAnne Conway will serve as an Advisor Marc Short will be serving as Mike Pence's Communications Advisor These Advisors will be tasked with organizing the day to day operations for Governor Pence, and interacting with the existing Trump Campaign team in an effort to take the campaign's message to the people. "The campaign welcomes the addition of Governor Pence and his team of advisors to the ticket. Governor Pence is a man of impeccable character, and his addition to the ticket sends a powerful message to Hillary Clinton that America is not for sale," said Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort. "We look forward to meeting with voters across this country and, together, we will Make America Great Again." The campaign will continue to expand and build a superior political team as it works towards defeating Hillary Clinton in November.
Trump: Wow. Whoa. That is some group of people. Thousands.So nice, thank you very much. That's really nice. Thank you. It's great to be at Trump Tower. It's great to be in a wonderful city, New York. And it's an honor to have everybody here. This is beyond anybody's expectations. There's been no crowd like this.And, I can tell, some of the candidates, they went in. They didn't know the air-conditioner didn't work. They sweated like dogs. [laughter]They didn't know the room was too big, because they didn't have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I don't think it's gonna happen. [applause]Our country is in serious trouble. We don't have victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don't have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time. [applause]Audience Member: We want Trump. We want Trump.Trump: When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't exist, folks. They beat us all the time.When do we beat Mexico at the border? They're laughing at us, at our stupidity. And now they are beating us economically. They are not our friend, believe me. But they're killing us economically.The U.S. has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. [applause]Thank you. It's true, and these are the best and the finest. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we're getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They're sending us not the right people.It's coming from more than Mexico. It's coming from all over South and Latin America, and it's coming probably  probably  from the Middle East. But we don't know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don't know what's happening. And it's got to stop and it's got to stop fast. [applause]Trump: Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East. They've become rich. I'm in competition with them.They just built a hotel in Syria. Can you believe this? They built a hotel. When I have to build a hotel, I pay interest. They don't have to pay interest, because they took the oil that, when we left Iraq, I said we should've taken.So now ISIS has the oil, and what they don't have, Iran has. And in 19  and I will tell you this, and I said it very strongly, years ago, I said  and I love the military, and I want to have the strongest military that we've ever had, and we need it more now than ever. But I said, "Don't hit Iraq," because you're going to totally destabilize the Middle East. Iran is going to take over the Middle East, Iran and somebody else will get the oil, and it turned out that Iran is now taking over Iraq. Think of it. Iran is taking over Iraq, and they're taking it over big league.We spent $2 trillion in Iraq, $2 trillion. We lost thousands of lives, thousands in Iraq. We have wounded soldiers, who I love, I love  they're great  all over the place, thousands and thousands of wounded soldiers.And we have nothing. We can't even go there. We have nothing. And every time we give Iraq equipment, the first time a bullet goes off in the air, they leave it.Last week, I read 2,300 Humvees  these are big vehicles  were left behind for the enemy. 2,000? You would say maybe two, maybe four? 2,300 sophisticated vehicles, they ran, and the enemy took them.Audience Member: We need Trump now.Trump: You're right. [applause]Audience Member: We need Trump now.Trump: Last quarter, it was just announced our gross domestic product  a sign of strength, right? But not for us. It was below zero. Whoever heard of this? It's never below zero.Our labor participation rate was the worst since 1978. But think of it, GDP below zero, horrible labor participation rate.And our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don't believe the 5.6. Don't believe it.That's right. A lot of people up there can't get jobs. They can't get jobs, because there are no jobs, because China has our jobs and Mexico has our jobs. They all have jobs.But the real number, the real number is anywhere from 18 to 19 and maybe even 21 percent, and nobody talks about it, because it's a statistic that's full of nonsense.Audience Member: We want Trump now.Trump: Our enemies are getting stronger and stronger by the way, and we as a country are getting weaker. Even our nuclear arsenal doesn't work.It came out recently they have equipment that is 30 years old. They don't know if it worked. And I thought it was horrible when it was broadcast on television, because boy, does that send signals to Putin and all of the other people that look at us and they say, "That is a group of people, and that is a nation that truly has no clue. They don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're doing."Audience Member: We need Trump now. [applause]Trump: We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare. Obamacare.Yesterday, it came out that costs are going for people up 29, 39, 49, and even 55 percent, and deductibles are through the roof. You have to be hit by a tractor, literally, a tractor, to use it, because the deductibles are so high, it's virtually useless. It's virtually useless. It is a disaster.Trump: And remember the $5 billion Web site? $5 billion we spent on a Web site, and to this day it doesn't work. A $5 billion Web site.I have so many Web sites, I have them all over the place. I hire people, they do a Web site. It costs me $3. $5 billion Web site. [applause]Audience: We want Trump. We want Trump. We want Trump. We want Trump.Trump: Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk, no action. Nothing's gonna get done. They will not bring us  believe me  to the promised land. They will not.As an example, I've been on the circuit making speeches, and I hear my fellow Republicans. And they're wonderful people. I like them. They all want me to support them. They don't know how to bring it about. They come up to my office. I'm meeting with three of them in the next week. And they don't know  "Are you running? Are you not running? Could we have your support? What do we do? How do we do it?"I like them. And I hear their speeches. And they don't talk jobs and they don't talk China. When was the last time you heard China is killing us? They're devaluing their currency to a level that you wouldn't believe. It makes it impossible for our companies to compete, impossible. They're killing us.But you don't hear that from anybody else. You don't hear it from anybody else. And I watch the speeches.Audience Member: No more free [inaudible].Trump: Thank you.I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen. And people are saying, "What's going on? I just want a job. Just get me a job. I don't need the rhetoric. I want a job."And that's what's happening. And it's going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in '16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf. He might be on one of my courses. I would invite him, I actually would say. I have the best courses in the world, so I'd say, you what, if he wants to  I have one right next to the White House, right on the Potomac. If he'd like to play, that's fine. [applause]In fact, I'd love him to leave early and play, that would be a very good thing. [laughter]But Obamacare kicks in in 2016. Really big league. It is going to be amazingly destructive. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who's a doctor, and he said to me the other day, "Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses. It's a disaster. My patients are beside themselves. They had a plan that was good. They have no plan now."We have to repeal Obamacare, and it can be  and  and it can be replaced with something much better for everybody. Let it be for everybody. But much better and much less expensive for people and for the government. And we can do it. [applause]Audience: Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump. Trump.Trump: So I've watched the politicians. I've dealt with them all my life. If you can't make a good deal with a politician, then there's something wrong with you. You're certainly not very good. And that's what we have representing us. They will never make America great again. They don't even have a chance. They're controlled fully  they're controlled fully by the lobbyists, by the donors, and by the special interests, fully.Yes, they control them. Hey, I have lobbyists. I have to tell you. I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They're great. But you know what? It won't happen. It won't happen. Because we have to stop doing things for some people, but for this country, it's destroying our country. We have to stop, and it has to stop now.Audience: It needs Trump.Trump: Now, our country needs  our country needs a truly great leader, and we need a truly great leader now. We need a leader that wrote "The Art of the Deal."Audience Member: Yes.Trump: We need a leader that can bring back our jobs, can bring back our manufacturing, can bring back our military, can take care of our vets. Our vets have been abandoned. [applause]And we also need a cheerleader.You know, when President Obama was elected, I said, "Well, the one thing, I think he'll do well. I think he'll be a great cheerleader for the country. I think he'd be a great spirit."He was vibrant. He was young. I really thought that he would be a great cheerleader.Audience Member: But not a leader.Trump: He's not a leader. That's true. You're right about that.But he wasn't a cheerleader. He's actually a negative force. He's been a negative force. He wasn't a cheerleader; he was the opposite.We need somebody that can take the brand of the United States and make it great again. It's not great again. [applause]We need  we need somebody  we need somebody that literally will take this country and make it great again. We can do that. [applause]And, I will tell you, I love my life. I have a wonderful family. They're saying, "Dad, you're going to do something that's going to be so tough."You know, all of my life, I've heard that a truly successful person, a really, really successful person and even modestly successful cannot run for public office. Just can't happen. And yet that's the kind of mindset that you need to make this country great again.So ladies and gentlemen... [applause]I am officially running...[applause]... for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again. [applause]It can happen. Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people.We have people that aren't working. We have people that have no incentive to work. But they're going to have incentive to work, because the greatest social program is a job. And they'll be proud, and they'll love it, and they'll make much more than they would've ever made, and they'll be  they'll be doing so well, and we're going to be thriving as a country, thriving. It can happen. [applause]I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I tell you that. [applause]I'll bring back our jobs from China, from Mexico, from Japan, from so many places. I'll bring back our jobs, and I'll bring back our money.Right now, think of this: We owe China $1.3 trillion. We owe Japan more than that. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, and then they loan us back the money, and we pay them in interest, and then the dollar goes up so their deal's even better.How stupid are our leaders? How stupid are these politicians to allow this to happen? How stupid are they? [applause]I'm going to tell you  thank you. I'm going to tell you a couple of stories about trade, because I'm totally against the trade bill for a number of reasons.Number one, the people negotiating don't have a clue. Our president doesn't have a clue. He's a bad negotiator.He's the one that did Bergdahl. We get Bergdahl, they get five killer terrorists that everybody wanted over there.We get Bergdahl. We get a traitor. We get a no-good traitor, and they get the five people that they wanted for years, and those people are now back on the battlefield trying to kill us. That's the negotiator we have.Take a look at the deal he's making with Iran. He makes that deal, Israel maybe won't exist very long. It's a disaster, and we have to protect Israel. But...Audience Member: Yes, we do. Yes, we do. [applause]Trump: So we need people  I'm a free trader. But the problem with free trade is you need really talented people to negotiate for you. If you don't have talented people, if you don't have great leadership, if you don't have people that know business, not just a political hack that got the job because he made a contribution to a campaign, which is the way all jobs, just about, are gotten, free trade terrible.Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people, but we have people that are stupid. We have people that aren't smart. And we have people that are controlled by special interests. And it's just not going to work.So, here's a couple of stories happened recently. A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. And, you know, China comes over and they dump all their stuff, and I buy it. I buy it, because, frankly, I have an obligation to buy it, because they devalue their currency so brilliantly, they just did it recently, and nobody thought they could do it again.But with all our problems with Russia, with all our problems with everything  everything, they got away with it again. And it's impossible for our people here to compete.So I want to tell you this story. A friend of mine who's a great manufacturer, calls me up a few weeks ago. He's very upset. I said, "What's your problem?"He said, "You know, I make great product."And I said, "I know. I know that because I buy the product."He said, "I can't get it into China. They won't accept it. I sent a boat over and they actually sent it back. They talked about environmental, they talked about all sorts of crap that had nothing to do with it."I said, "Oh, wait a minute, that's terrible. Does anyone know this?"He said, "Yeah, they do it all the time with other people."I said, "They send it back?""Yeah. So I finally got it over there and they charged me a big tariff. They're not supposed to be doing that. I told them."Now, they do charge you tariff on trucks, when we send trucks and other things over there.Ask Boeing. They wanted Boeing's secrets. They wanted their patents and all their secrets before they agreed to buy planes from Boeing.Hey, I'm not saying they're stupid. I like China. I sell apartments for  I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China. Am I supposed to dislike them? I own a big chunk of the Bank of America Building at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, that I got from China in a war. Very valuable.I love China. The biggest bank in the world is from China. You know where their United States headquarters is located? In this building, in Trump Tower. I love China. People say, "Oh, you don't like China?"No, I love them. But their leaders are much smarter than our leaders, and we can't sustain ourself with that. There's too much  it's like  it's like take the New England Patriots and Tom Brady and have them play your high school football team. That's the difference between China's leaders and our leaders.They are ripping us. We are rebuilding China. We're rebuilding many countries. China, you go there now, roads, bridges, schools, you never saw anything like it. They have bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. And they're all over the place.We have all the cards, but we don't know how to use them. We don't even know that we have the cards, because our leaders don't understand the game. We could turn off that spigot by charging them tax until they behave properly.Now they're going militarily. They're building a military island in the middle of the South China sea. A military island. Now, our country could never do that because we'd have to get environmental clearance, and the environmentalist wouldn't let our country  we would never build in an ocean. They built it in about one year, this massive military port.They're building up their military to a point that is very scary. You have a problem with ISIS. You have a bigger problem with China.And, in my opinion, the new China, believe it or not, in terms of trade, is Mexico.So this man tells me about the manufacturing. I say, "That's a terrible story. I hate to hear it."But I have another one, Ford.So Mexico takes a company, a car company that was going to build in Tennessee, rips it out. Everybody thought the deal was dead. Reported it in the Wall Street Journal recently. Everybody thought it was a done deal. It's going in and that's going to be it, going into Tennessee. Great state, great people.All of a sudden, at the last moment, this big car manufacturer, foreign, announces they're not going to Tennessee. They're gonna spend their $1 billion in Mexico instead. Not good.Now, Ford announces a few weeks ago that Ford is going to build a $2.5 billion car and truck and parts manufacturing plant in Mexico. $2.5 billion, it's going to be one of the largest in the world. Ford. Good company.So I announced that I'm running for president. I would... [applause]... one of the early things I would do, probably before I even got in  and I wouldn't even use  you know, I have  I know the smartest negotiators in the world. I know the good ones. I know the bad ones. I know the overrated ones.You get a lot of them that are overrated. They're not good. They think they are. They get good stories, because the newspapers get buffaloed (ph). But they're not good.But I know the negotiators in the world, and I put them one for each country. Believe me, folks. We will do very, very well, very, very well.But I wouldn't even waste my time with this one. I would call up the head of Ford, who I know. If I was president, I'd say, "Congratulations. I understand that you're building a nice $2.5 billion car factory in Mexico and that you're going to take your cars and sell them to the United States zero tax, just flow them across the border."And you say to yourself, "How does that help us," right? "How does that help us? Where is that good"? It's not.So I would say, "Congratulations. That's the good news. Let me give you the bad news. Every car and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we're going to charge you a 35-percent tax, and that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and that's it.Now, here's what is going to happen. If it's not me in the position, it's one of these politicians that we're running against, you know, the 400 people that we're [inaudible]. And here's what's going to happen. They're not so stupid. They know it's not a good thing, and they may even be upset by it. But then they're going to get a call from the donors or probably from the lobbyist for Ford and say, "You can't do that to Ford, because Ford takes care of me and I take care of you, and you can't do that to Ford."And guess what? No problem. They're going to build in Mexico. They're going to take away thousands of jobs. It's very bad for us.So under President Trump, here's what would happen: [applause]The head of Ford will call me back, I would say within an hour after I told them the bad news. But it could be he'd want to be cool, and he'll wait until the next day. You know, they want to be a little cool.And he'll say, "Please, please, please." He'll beg for a little while, and I'll say, "No interest." Then he'll call all sorts of political people, and I'll say, "Sorry, fellas. No interest," because I don't need anybody's money. It's nice. I don't need anybody's money.I'm using my own money. I'm not using the lobbyists. I'm not using donors. I don't care. I'm really rich. I [inaudible]...[applause]And by the way, I'm not even saying that in a  that's the kind of mindset, that's the kind of thinking you need for this country.Audience Member: Absolutely.Trump: So  because we got to make the country rich.It sounds crass. Somebody said, "Oh, that's crass." It's not crass.We got $18 trillion in debt. We got nothing but problems.We got a military that needs equipment all over the place. We got nuclear weapons that are obsolete.We've got nothing. We've got Social Security that's going to be destroyed if somebody like me doesn't bring money into the country. All these other people want to cut the hell out of it. I'm not going to cut it at all; I'm going to bring money in, and we're going to save it. [applause]But here's what's going to happen:After I'm called by 30 friends of mine who contributed to different campaigns, after I'm called by all of the special interests and by the  the donors and by the lobbyists  and they have zero chance at convincing me, zero  I'll get a call the next day from the head of Ford. He'll say. "Please reconsider," I'll say no.He'll say, "Mr. President, we've decided to move the plant back to the United States, and we're not going to build it in Mexico." That's it. They have no choice. They have no choice.There are hundreds of things like that. I'll give you another example.Trump: Saudi Arabia, they make $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. I love the Saudis. Many are in this building. They make a billion dollars a day. Whenever they have problems, we send over the ships. We say "we're gonna protect." What are we doing? They've got nothing but money.If the right person asked them, they'd pay a fortune. They wouldn't be there except for us.And believe me, you look at the border with Yemen. You remember Obama a year ago, Yemen was a great victory. Two weeks later, the place was blown up. Everybody got out  and they kept our equipment.They always keep our equipment. We ought to send used equipment, right? They always keep our equipment. We ought to send some real junk, because, frankly, it would be  we ought to send our surplus. We're always losing this gorgeous brand-new stuff.But look at that border with Saudi Arabia. Do you really think that these people are interested in Yemen? Saudi Arabia without us is gone. They're gone.And I'm the one that made all of the right predictions about Iraq. You know, all of these politicians that I'm running against now  it's so nice to say I'm running as opposed to if I run, if I run. I'm running. [applause]But all of these politicians that I'm running against now, they're trying to disassociate. I mean, you looked at Bush, it took him five days to answer the question on Iraq. He couldn't answer the question. He didn't know. I said, "Is he intelligent?"Then I looked at Rubio. He was unable to answer the question, is Iraq a good thing or bad thing? He didn't know. He couldn't answer the question.How are these people gonna lead us? How are we gonna  how are we gonna go back and make it great again? We can't. They don't have a clue. They can't lead us. They can't. They can't even answer simple questions. It was terrible.But Saudi Arabia is in big, big trouble. Now, thanks to fracking and other things, the oil is all over the place. And I used to say it, there are ships at sea, and this was during the worst crisis, that were loaded up with oil, and the cartel kept the price up, because, again, they were smarter than our leaders. They were smarter than our leaders.There is so much wealth out there that can make our country so rich again, and therefore make it great again. Because we need money. We're dying. We're dying. We need money. We have to do it. And we need the right people.So Ford will come back. They'll all come back. And I will say this, this is going to be an election, in my opinion, that's based on competence.Audience Member: Yes.Trump: Somebody said  thank you, darlin'. [applause]Somebody said to me the other day, a reporter, a very nice reporter, "But, Mr. Trump, you're not a nice person."Audience Member: We don't need nice.Trump: That's true. But actually I am. I think I am a nice person. People that know me, like me. Does my family like me? I think so, right. Look at my family. I'm proud of my family. [applause]By the way, speaking of my family, Melania, Barron, Kai, Donnie, Don, Vanessa, Tiffany, Evanka did a great job. Did she do a great job? [applause]Great. Jared (ph), Laura and Eric, I'm very proud of my family. They're a great family. [applause]So the reporter said to me the other day, "But, Mr. Trump, you're not a nice person. How can you get people to vote for you?"I said, "I don't know." I said, "I think that number one, I am a nice person. I give a lot of money away to charities and other things. I think I'm actually a very nice person."But, I said, "This is going to be an election that's based on competence, because people are tired of these nice people. And they're tired of being ripped off by everybody in the world. And they're tired of spending more money on education than any nation in the world per capita, than any nation in the world, and we are 26th in the world, 25 countries are better than us in education. And some of them are like third world countries. But we're becoming a third word country, because of our infrastructure, our airports, our roads, everything. So one of the things I did, and I said, you know what I'll do. I'll do it. Because a lot of people said, "He'll never run. Number one, he won't want to give up his lifestyle."Trump: They're right about that, but I'm doing it.Number two, I'm a private company, so nobody knows what I'm worth. And the one thing is that when you run, you have to announce and certify to all sorts of governmental authorities your net worth.So I said, "That's OK." I'm proud of my net worth. I've done an amazing job.I started off  thank you  I started off in a small office with my father in Brooklyn and Queens, and my father said  and I love my father. I learned so much. He was a great negotiator. I learned so much just sitting at his feet playing with blocks listening to him negotiate with subcontractors. But I learned a lot.But he used to say, "Donald, don't go into Manhattan. That's the big leagues. We don't know anything about that. Don't do it."I said, "I gotta go into Manhattan. I gotta build those big buildings. I gotta do it, Dad. I've gotta do it."And after four or five years in Brooklyn, I ventured into Manhattan and did a lot of great deals  the Grand Hyatt Hotel. I was responsible for the convention center on the west side. I did a lot of great deals, and I did them early and young. And now I'm building all over the world, and I love what I'm doing.But they all said, a lot of the pundits on television, "Well, Donald will never run, and one of the main reasons is he's private and he's probably not as successful as everybody thinks."So I said to myself, you know, nobody's ever going to know unless I run, because I'm really proud of my success. I really am. [applause]I've employed  I've employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. That means medical. That means education. That means everything.So a large accounting firm and my accountants have been working for months, because it's big and complex, and they've put together a statement, a financial statement, just a summary. But everything will be filed eventually with the government, and we don't extensions or anything. We'll be filing it right on time. We don't need anything. [applause]And it was even reported incorrectly yesterday, because they said, "He had assets of $9 billion." So I said (ph), "No, that's the wrong number. That's the wrong number. Not assets."So they put together this. And before I say it, I have to say this. I made it the old-fashioned way. It's real estate. You know, it's real estate.It's labor, and it's unions good and some bad and lots of people that aren't in unions, and it's all over the place and building all over the world.And I have assets  big accounting firm, one of the most highly respected  9 billion 240 million dollars.Audience Member: Yeah.Trump: And I have liabilities of about $500 million (ph). That's long-term debt, very low interest rates.In fact, one of the big banks came to me and said, "Donald, you don't have enough borrowings. Could we loan you $4 billion"? I said, "I don't need it. I don't want it. And I've been there. I don't want it."But in two seconds, they give me whatever I wanted. So I have a total net worth, and now with the increase, it'll be well-over $10 billion. But here, a total net worth of  net worth, not assets, not  a net worth, after all debt, after all expenses, the greatest assets  Trump Tower, 1290 Avenue of the Americas, Bank of America building in San Francisco, 40 Wall Street, sometimes referred to as the Trump building right opposite the New York  many other places all over the world.So the total is $8,737,540,00.Now I'm not doing that... [applause]I'm not doing that to brag, because you know what? I don't have to brag. I don't have to, believe it or not.I'm doing that to say that that's the kind of thinking our country needs. We need that thinking. We have the opposite thinking.We have losers. We have losers. We have people that don't have it. We have people that are morally corrupt. We have people that are selling this country down the drain.So I put together this statement, and the only reason I'm telling you about it today is because we really do have to get going, because if we have another three or four years  you know, we're at $8 trillion now. We're soon going to be at $20 trillion.According to the economists  who I'm not big believers in, but, nevertheless, this is what they're saying  that $24 trillion  we're very close  that's the point of no return. $24 trillion. We will be there soon. That's when we become Greece. That's when we become a country that's unsalvageable. And we're gonna be there very soon. We're gonna be there very soon.Audience Member: Make America strong.Trump: So, just to sum up, I would do various things very quickly. I would repeal and replace the big lie, Obamacare.Audience Member: Yeah. [applause]I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I'll build them very inexpensively, I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.Audience Member: Yes.Trump: Mark my words. [applause]Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump. Nobody. [applause]I will find  within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur, I will find the right guy. I will find the guy that's going to take that military and make it really work. Nobody, nobody will be pushing us around.Audience Member: Yes. [applause]Trump: I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won't be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has absolutely no concept of negotiation, who's making a horrible and laughable deal, who's just being tapped along as they make weapons right now, and then goes into a bicycle race at 72 years old, and falls and breaks his leg. I won't be doing that. And I promise I will never be in a bicycle race. That I can tell you. [applause]I will immediately terminate President Obama's illegal executive order on immigration, immediately. [applause]Fully support and back up the Second Amendment. [applause]Now, it's very interesting. Today I heard it. Through stupidity, in a very, very hard core prison, interestingly named Clinton, two vicious murderers, two vicious people escaped, and nobody knows where they are. And a woman was on television this morning, and she said, "You know, Mr. Trump," and she was telling other people, and I actually called her, and she said, "You know, Mr. Trump, I always was against guns. I didn't want guns. And now since this happened"  it's up in the prison area  "my husband and I are finally in agreement, because he wanted the guns. We now have a gun on every table. We're ready to start shooting."I said, "Very interesting."So protect the Second Amendment. [applause]End  end Common Core. Common Core should  it is a disaster. Bush is totally in favor of Common Core. I don't see how he can possibly get the nomination. He's weak on immigration. He's in favor of Common Core. How the hell can you vote for this guy? You just can't do it. We have to end  education has to be local.Rebuild the country's infrastructure.Audience Member: Yeah.Trump: Nobody can do that like me. Believe me. It will be done on time, on budget, way below cost, way below what anyone ever thought.I look at the roads being built all over the country, and I say I can build those things for one-third. What they do is unbelievable, how bad.You know, we're building on Pennsylvania Avenue, the Old Post Office, we're converting it into one of the world's great hotels. It's gonna be the best hotel in Washington, D.C. We got it from the General Services Administration in Washington. The Obama administration. We got it. It was the most highly sought after  or one of them, but I think the most highly sought after project in the history of General Services. We got it. People were shocked, Trump got it.Well, I got it for two reasons. Number one, we're really good. Number two, we had a really good plan. And I'll add in the third, we had a great financial statement. Because the General Services, who are terrific people, by the way, and talented people, they wanted to do a great job. And they wanted to make sure it got built.Trump: So we have to rebuild our infrastructure, our bridges, our roadways, our airports. You come into La Guardia Airport, it's like we're in a third world country. You look at the patches and the 40-year-old floor. They throw down asphalt, and they throw.You look at these airports, we are like a third world country. And I come in from China and I come in from Qatar and I come in from different places, and they have the most incredible airports in the world. You come to back to this country and you have LAX, disaster. You have all of these disastrous airports. We have to rebuild our infrastructure.Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it. [applause]Get rid of the fraud. Get rid of the waste and abuse, but save it. People have been paying it for years. And now many of these candidates want to cut it. You save it by making the United States, by making us rich again, by taking back all of the money that's being lost.Renegotiate our foreign trade deals.Audience Member: Yes. [applause]Trump: Reduce our $18 trillion in debt, because, believe me, we're in a bubble. We have artificially low interest rates. We have a stock market that, frankly, has been good to me, but I still hate to see what's happening. We have a stock market that is so bloated.Be careful of a bubble because what you've seen in the past might be small potatoes compared to what happens. So be very, very careful.And strengthen our military and take care of our vets. So, so important.Audience Member: Yes. [applause]Trump: Sadly, the American dream is dead.Audience Member: Bring it back.Trump: But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before, and we will make America great again.Thank you. Thank you very much. [applause]
 Good evening. Thank you very much. I speak to you today as a lifelong supporter and true friend of Israel. I'm a newcomer to politics, but not to backing the Jewish state.In 2001, weeks after the attacks on New York City and on Washington and frankly, the attacks on all of us, attacks that perpetrated and they were perpetrated by the Islamic fundamentalists, Mayor Rudy Giuliani visited Israel to show solidarity with terror victims. I sent my plane, because I backed the mission for Israel 100 percent.In spring of 2004, at the height of the violence in the Gaza Strip, I was the grand marshal of the 40th Salute to Israel parade, the largest single gathering in support of the Jewish state. It was a very dangerous time for Israel, and frankly, for anyone supporting Israel. Many people turned down this honor; I did not. I took the risk and I'm glad I did.But I didn't come here tonight to pander to you about Israel. That's what politicians do, all talk, no action, believe me. I came here to speak to you about where I stand on the future of American relations with our strategic ally, our unbreakable friendship and our cultural brother, the only democracy in the Middle East, the State of Israel.Thank you. My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran. Thank you. I have been in business a long time, I know deal making and let me tell you, this deal is catastrophic for America, for Israel and for the whole of the Middle East.The problem here is fundamental. We've rewarded the world's leading state sponsor of terror with 150 billion dollars and we received absolutely nothing in return. I've studied this issue in great detail. I would say, actually, greater by far than anybody else, believe me, oh, believe me.And it's a bad deal. The biggest concern with the deal is not necessarily that Iran is going to violate it, because already as you know, it has. The bigger problem is that they can keep the terms and still get the bomb by simply running out the clock. And of course, they'll keep the billions and billions of dollars that we so stupidly and foolishly gave them.The deal doesn't even require Iran to dismantle its military nuclear capability. Yes, it places limits on its military nuclear program for only a certain number of years, but when those restrictions expire, Iran will have an industrial-sized military nuclear capability ready to go and with zero provision for delay no matter how bad Iran's behavior is. Terrible, terrible situation that we are all placed in, and especially Israel.When I'm president, I will adopt a strategy that focuses on three things when it comes to Iran. First, we will stand up to Iran's aggressive push to destabilize and dominate the region.Iran is a very big problem and will continue to be, but if I'm not elected president, I know how to deal with trouble, and believe me, that's why I'm going to be elected president, folks. And we are leading in every poll, remember that, please.Iran is a problem in Iraq, a problem in Syria, a problem in Lebanon, a problem in Yemen and will be a very, very major problem for Saudi Arabia. Literally, every day Iran provides more and better weapons to support their puppet states, Hezbollah, Lebanon received, and I'll tell you what, it has received sophisticated anti-ship weapons, anti-aircraft weapons and GPS systems and rockets like very few people anywhere in the world and certainly very few countries have.Now they're in Syria trying to establish another front against Israel from the Syrian side of the Golan Heights. In Gaza, Iran is supporting Hamas, and Islamic Jihad. And in the West Bank, they're openly offering Palestinians 7,000 dollars per terror attack and 30,000 dollars for every Palestinian terrorist home that's been destroyed, a deplorable, deplorable situation.Iran is financing military forces throughout the Middle East and it's absolutely incredible that we handed them over 150 billion dollars to do even more toward the many horrible acts of terror.Secondly, we will totally dismantle Iran's global terror network, which is big and powerful, but not powerful like us.Iran has seeded terror groups all over the world. During the last five years, Iran has perpetuated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents. They've got terror cells everywhere, including in the Western Hemisphere very close to home. Iran is the biggest sponsor of terrorism around the world and we will work to dismantle that reach, believe me, believe me.Third, at the very least, we must enforce the terms of the previous deal to hold Iran totally accountable and we will enforce it like you've never seen a contract enforced before, folks, believe me.Iran has already, since the deal is in place, test-fired ballistic missiles three times. Those ballistic missiles, with a range of 1,250 miles, were designed to intimidate not only Israel, which is only 600 miles away, but also intended to frighten Europe and someday maybe hit even the United States and we're not going to let that happen, we're not letting it happen and we're not letting it happen to Israel, believe me.Thank you. Do you want to hear something really shocking? As many of the great people in this room know, painted on those missiles in both Hebrew and Farsi were the words "Israel must be wiped off the face of the earth." You can forget that.What kind of demented minds write that in Hebrew? And here's another. You talk about twisted, here's another twisted part. Testing these missiles does not even violate the horrible deal that we've made. The deal is silent on test missiles, but those tests do violate the United Nations Security Council resolutions. The problem is, no one has done anything about it. We will, I promise, we will.Thank you. Which brings me to my next point, the utter weakness and incompetence of the United Nations. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy, it's not a friend to freedom, it's not a friend even to the United States of America; whereas you know it has its home and it surely is not a friend to Israel.With President Obama, in his final year, yay, he may be the worst thing to ever happen to Israel, believe me, believe me, and you know it better than anybody. So with the president in his final year, discussions have been swirling about an attempt to bring a security council resolution on terms of an eventual agreement between Israel and Palestine. Let me be clear, an agreement imposed by the United Nations would be a total and complete disaster.The United States must oppose this resolution and use the power of our veto, which I will use as president 100 percent.When people ask why, it's because that's not how you make a deal. Deals are made when parties come together, they come to a table and they negotiate. Each side must give up something, its values. I mean, we have to do something where there's value in exchange for something that it requires. That's what a deal is.A deal is really something that when we impose it on Israel and Palestine, we bring together a group of people that come up with something. That's not going to happen with the United Nations. It will only further, very importantly, it will only further delegitimize Israel. It will be a catastrophe and a disaster for Israel. It's not going to happen, folks.And further, it would reward Palestinian terrorism, because every day they're stabbing Israelis and even Americans. Just last week, American Taylor Allen Force, a West Point grad, phenomenal young person who served in Iraq and Afghanistan was murdered in the street by a knife-wielding Palestinian. You don't reward behavior like that. You cannot do it. There's only one way you treat that kind of behavior. You have to confront it.So it's not up to the United Nations to really go with a solution. It's really the parties that must negotiate a resolution themselves. They have no choice, they have to do it themselves or it will never hold up anyway. The United States can be useful as a facilitator of negotiations, but no one should be telling Israel that it must abide by some agreement made by others thousands of miles away that don't even really know what's happening to Israel, to anything in the area. It's so preposterous. We're not going to let that happen.When I'm president, believe me, I will veto any attempt by the U.N. to impose its will on the Jewish state. It will be vetoed 100 percent.You see, I know about deal making, that's what I do. I wrote the Art of the Deal. One of the bestselling all-time, and I mean, seriously, I'm saying "one of," because I'll be criticized if I say "the," so I'm going to be very diplomatic, "one of," I'll be criticized, I think it isnumber one, but why take a chance. One of the all-time bestselling books about deals and deal making.To make a great deal, you need two willing participants. We know Israel is willing to deal. Israel has been trying.That's right. Israel has been trying to sit down at the negotiating table without pre-conditions for years. You had Camp David in 2000 where Prime Minister Barak made an incredible offer, maybe even too generous; Arafat rejected it. In 2008, Prime Minister Olmert made an equally generous offer; the Palestinian Authority rejected it also.Then John Kerry tried to come up with the framework and Abbas didn't even respond, not even to the Secretary of State of the United States of America. They didn't even respond. When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on day one.Thank you. And when I say something, I mean it.I will meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu immediately. I have known him for many years and we'll be able to work closely together to help bring stability and peace to Israel and to the entire region. Meanwhile, every single day you have rampant incitement and children being taught to hate Israel and to hate the Jews. It has to stop.When you live in a society where the firefighters are the heroes, little kids want to be firefighters. When you live in a society where athletes and movie stars are the heroes, little kids want to be athletes and movie stars. In Palestinian society, the heroes are those who murder Jews. We can't let this continue. We can't let this happen any longer.You cannot achieve peace if terrorists are treated as martyrs. Glorifying terrorists is a tremendous barrier to peace. It is a horrible way to think. It's a barrier that can't be broken. That will end and it'll end soon, believe me. In Palestinian textbooks and mosques, you've got a culture of hatred that has been fomenting there for years and if we want to achieve peace, they've got to go out and they've got to start [sic] this educational process. They have to end education of hatred. They have to end it and now.There is no moral equivalency. Israel does not name public squares after terrorists. Israel does not pay its children to stab random Palestinians. You see, what President Obama gets wrong about deal making is that he constantly applies pressure to our friends and rewards our enemies.And you see that happening all the time, that pattern practiced by the president and his administration, including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who is a total disaster, by the way. She and President Obama have treated Israel very, very badly.But it's repeated itself over and over again and it's done nothing to embolden those who hate America. We saw that with releasing the 150 billion dollars to Iran in the hope that they would magically join the world community. It didn't happen.President Obama thinks that applying pressure to Israel will force the issue, but it's precisely the opposite that happens. Already half of the population of Palestine has been taken over by the Palestinian ISIS in Hamas and the other half refuses to confront the first half. So it's a very difficult situation that's never going to get solved unless you have great leadership right here in the United States. We'll get it solved one way or the other. We will get it solved.But when the United States stands with Israel, the chances of peace really rise and rises exponentially. That's what will happen when Donald Trump is president of the United States.We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem. And we will send a clear signal that there is no daylight between America and our most reliable ally, the State of Israel.The Palestinians must come to the table knowing that the bond between the United States and Israel is absolutely totally unbreakable. They must come to the table willing and able to stop the terror being committed on a daily basis against Israel. They must do that.And they must come to the table willing to accept that Israel is a Jewish state and it will forever exist as a Jewish state.I love the people in this room. I love Israel. I love Israel. I've been with Israel so long in terms of I've received some of my greatest honors from Israel; my father before me, incredible. My daughter Ivanka is about to have a beautiful Jewish baby. In fact, it could be happening right now, which would be very nice as far as I'm concerned.So I want to thank you very much, this has been a truly great honor. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak to you, and thank you to the Center for the National Interest for honoring me with this invitation. I would like to talk today about how to develop a new foreign policy direction for our country  one that replaces randomness with purpose, ideology with strategy, and chaos with peace. It is time to shake the rust off of America's foreign policy. It's time to invite new voices and new visions into the fold. The direction I will outline today will also return us to a timeless principle. My foreign policy will always put the interests of the American people, and American security, above all else. That will be the foundation of every decision that I will make. America First will be the major and overriding theme of my administration. But to chart our path forward, we must first briefly look back. We have a lot to be proud of. In the 1940s we saved the world. The Greatest Generation beat back the Nazis and the Japanese Imperialists. Then we saved the world again, this time from totalitarian Communism. The Cold War lasted for decades, but we won. Democrats and Republicans working together got Mr. Gorbachev to heed the words of President Reagan when he said: "tear down this wall." History will not forget what we did. Unfortunately, after the Cold War, our foreign policy veered badly off course. We failed to develop a new vision for a new time. In fact, as time went on, our foreign policy began to make less and less sense. Logic was replaced with foolishness and arrogance, and this led to one foreign policy disaster after another. We went from mistakes in Iraq to Egypt to Libya, to President Obama's line in the sand in Syria. Each of these actions have helped to throw the region into chaos, and gave ISIS the space it needs to grow and prosper. It all began with the dangerous idea that we could make Western democracies out of countries that had no experience or interest in becoming a Western Democracy. We tore up what institutions they had and then were surprised at what we unleashed. Civil war, religious fanaticism; thousands of American lives, and many trillions of dollars, were lost as a result. The vacuum was created that ISIS would fill. Iran, too, would rush in and fill the void, much to their unjust enrichment. Our foreign policy is a complete and total disaster. No vision, no purpose, no direction, no strategy. Today, I want to identify five main weaknesses in our foreign policy. First, Our Resources Are Overextended President Obama has weakened our military by weakening our economy. He's crippled us with wasteful spending, massive debt, low growth, a huge trade deficit and open borders. Our manufacturing trade deficit with the world is now approaching $1 trillion a year. We're rebuilding other countries while weakening our own. Ending the theft of American jobs will give us the resources we need to rebuild our military and regain our financial independence and strength. I am the only person running for the Presidency who understands this problem and knows how to fix it. Secondly, our allies are not paying their fair share. Our allies must contribute toward the financial, political and human costs of our tremendous security burden. But many of them are simply not doing so. They look at the United States as weak and forgiving and feel no obligation to honor their agreements with us. In NATO, for instance, only 4 of 28 other member countries, besides America, are spending the minimum required 2% of GDP on defense. We have spent trillions of dollars over time  on planes, missiles, ships, equipment  building up our military to provide a strong defense for Europe and Asia. The countries we are defending must pay for the cost of this defense  and, if not, the U.S. must be prepared to let these countries defend themselves. The whole world will be safer if our allies do their part to support our common defense and security. A Trump Administration will lead a free world that is properly armed and funded. Thirdly, our friends are beginning to think they can't depend on us. We've had a president who dislikes our friends and bows to our enemies. He negotiated a disastrous deal with Iran, and then we watched them ignore its terms, even before the ink was dry. Iran cannot be allowed to have a nuclear weapon and, under a Trump Administration, will never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon. All of this without even mentioning the humiliation of the United States with Iran's treatment of our ten captured sailors. In negotiation, you must be willing to walk. The Iran deal, like so many of our worst agreements, is the result of not being willing to leave the table. When the other side knows you're not going to walk, it becomes absolutely impossible to win. At the same time, your friends need to know that you will stick by the agreements that you have with them. President Obama gutted our missile defense program, then abandoned our missile defense plans with Poland and the Czech Republic. He supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel  and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place. Israel, our great friend and the one true Democracy in the Middle East, has been snubbed and criticized by an Administration that lacks moral clarity. Just a few days ago, Vice President Biden again criticized Israel  a force for justice and peace  for acting as an impediment to peace in the region. President Obama has not been a friend to Israel. He has treated Iran with tender love and care and made it a great power in the Middle East  all at the expense of Israel, our other allies in the region and, critically, the United States. We've picked fights with our oldest friends, and now they're starting to look elsewhere for help. Fourth, our rivals no longer respect us. In fact, they are just as confused as our allies, but an even bigger problem is that they don't take us seriously any more. When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there to meet or greet him  perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One. Then, amazingly, the same thing happened in Saudi Arabia -- it's called no respect. Do you remember when the President made a long and expensive trip to Copenhagen, Denmark to get the Olympics for our country, and, after this unprecedented effort, it was announced that the United States came in fourth place? He should have known the result before making such an embarrassing commitment. The list of humiliations goes on and on. President Obama watches helplessly as North Korea increases its aggression and expands even further with its nuclear reach. Our president has allowed China to continue its economic assault on American jobs and wealth, refusing to enforce trade rules  or apply the leverage on China necessary to rein in North Korea. He has even allowed China to steal government secrets with cyber attacks and engage in industrial espionage against the United States and its companies. We've let our rivals and challengers think they can get away with anything. If President Obama's goal had been to weaken America, he could not have done a better job. Finally, America no longer has a clear understanding of our foreign policy goals.  Since the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the Soviet Union, we've lacked a coherent foreign policy. One day we're bombing Libya and getting rid of a dictator to foster democracy for civilians, the next day we are watching the same civilians suffer while that country falls apart. We're a humanitarian nation. But the legacy of the Obama-Clinton interventions will be weakness, confusion, and disarray. We have made the Middle East more unstable and chaotic than ever before. We left Christians subject to intense persecution and even genocide. Our actions in Iraq, Libya and Syria have helped unleash ISIS. And we're in a war against radical Islam, but President Obama won't even name the enemy! Hillary Clinton also refuses to say the words "radical Islam," even as she pushes for a massive increase in refugees. After Secretary Clinton's failed intervention in Libya, Islamic terrorists in Benghazi took down our consulate and killed our ambassador and three brave Americans. Then, instead of taking charge that night, Hillary Clinton decided to go home and sleep! Incredible. Clinton blames it all on a video, an excuse that was a total lie. Our Ambassador was murdered and our Secretary of State misled the nation  and by the way, she was not awake to take that call at 3 o'clock in the morning. And now ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil. This will change when I am president. To all our friends and allies, I say America is going to be strong again. America is going to be a reliable friend and ally again. We're going to finally have a coherent foreign policy based upon American interests, and the shared interests of our allies. We are getting out of the nation-building business, and instead focusing on creating stability in the world. Our moments of greatest strength came when politics ended at the water's edge. We need a new, rational American foreign policy, informed by the best minds and supported by both parties, as well as by our close allies. This is how we won the Cold War, and it's how we will win our new and future struggles. First, we need a long-term plan to halt the spread and reach of radical Islam.  Containing the spread of radical Islam must be a major foreign policy goal of the United States. Events may require the use of military force. But it's also a philosophical struggle, like our long struggle in the Cold War. In this we're going to be working very closely with our allies in the Muslim world, all of which are at risk from radical Islamic violence. We should work together with any nation in the region that is threatened by the rise of radical Islam. But this has to be a two-way street  they must also be good to us and remember us and all we are doing for them. The struggle against radical Islam also takes place in our homeland. There are scores of recent migrants inside our borders charged with terrorism. For every case known to the public, there are dozens more. We must stop importing extremism through senseless immigration policies. A pause for reassessment will help us to prevent the next San Bernardino or worse -- all you have to do is look at the World Trade Center and September 11th. And then there's ISIS. I have a simple message for them. Their days are numbered. I won't tell them where and I won't tell them how. We must as, a nation, be more unpredictable. But they're going to be gone. And soon. Secondly, we have to rebuild our military and our economy.  The Russians and Chinese have rapidly expanded their military capability, but look what's happened to us! Our nuclear weapons arsenal  our ultimate deterrent  has been allowed to atrophy and is desperately in need of modernization and renewal. Our active duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to about 1.3 million today. The Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships to 272 ships during that time. The Air Force is about 1/3 smaller than 1991. Pilots are flying B-52s in combat missions today which are older than most people in this room. And what are we doing about this? President Obama has proposed a 2017 defense budget that, in real dollars, cuts nearly 25% from what we were spending in 2011. Our military is depleted, and we're asking our generals and military leaders to worry about global warming. We will spend what we need to rebuild our military. It is the cheapest investment we can make. We will develop, build and purchase the best equipment known to mankind. Our military dominance must be unquestioned. But we will look for savings and spend our money wisely. In this time of mounting debt, not one dollar can be wasted. We are also going to have to change our trade, immigration and economic policies to make our economy strong again  and to put Americans first again. This will ensure that our own workers, right here in America, get the jobs and higher pay that will grow our tax revenue and increase our economic might as a nation. We need to think smarter about areas where our technological superiority gives us an edge. This includes 3-D printing, artificial intelligence and cyberwarfare. A great country also takes care of its warriors. Our commitment to them is absolute. A Trump Administration will give our service men and women the best equipment and support in the world when they serve, and the best care in the world when they return as veterans to civilian life. Finally, we must develop a foreign policy based on American interests.Businesses do not succeed when they lose sight of their core interests and neither do countries. Look at what happened in the 1990s. Our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania were attacked and seventeen brave sailors were killed on the USS Cole. And what did we do? It seemed we put more effort into adding China to the World Trade Organization  which has been a disaster for the United States  than into stopping Al Qaeda. We even had an opportunity to take out Osama Bin Laden, and didn't do it. And then, we got hit at the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the worst attack on our country in its history. Our foreign policy goals must be based on America's core national security interests, and the following will be my priorities. In the Middle East, our goals must be to defeat terrorists and promote regional stability, not radical change. We need to be clear-sighted about the groups that will never be anything other than enemies. And we must only be generous to those that prove they are our friends. We desire to live peacefully and in friendship with Russia and China. We have serious differences with these two nations, and must regard them with open eyes. But we are not bound to be adversaries. We should seek common ground based on shared interests. Russia, for instance, has also seen the horror of Islamic terrorism. I believe an easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia  from a position of strength  is possible. Common sense says this cycle of hostility must end. Some say the Russians won't be reasonable. I intend to find out. If we can't make a good deal for America, then we will quickly walk from the table. Fixing our relations with China is another important step towards a prosperous century. China respects strength, and by letting them take advantage of us economically, we have lost all of their respect. We have a massive trade deficit with China, a deficit we must find a way, quickly, to balance. A strong and smart America is an America that will find a better friend in China. We can both benefit or we can both go our separate ways. After I am elected President, I will also call for a summit with our NATO allies, and a separate summit with our Asian allies. In these summits, we will not only discuss a rebalancing of financial commitments, but take a fresh look at how we can adopt new strategies for tackling our common challenges. For instance, we will discuss how we can upgrade NATO's outdated mission and structure  grown out of the Cold War  to confront our shared challenges, including migration and Islamic terrorism. I will not hesitate to deploy military force when there is no alternative. But if America fights, it must fight to win. I will never send our finest into battle unless necessary  and will only do so if we have a plan for victory. Our goal is peace and prosperity, not war and destruction. The best way to achieve those goals is through a disciplined, deliberate and consistent foreign policy. With President Obama and Secretary Clinton we've had the exact opposite: a reckless, rudderless and aimless foreign policy  one that has blazed a path of destruction in its wake. After losing thousands of lives and spending trillions of dollars, we are in far worse shape now in the Middle East than ever before. I challenge anyone to explain the strategic foreign policy vision of Obama-Clinton  it has been a complete and total disaster. I will also be prepared to deploy America's economic resources. Financial leverage and sanctions can be very persuasive  but we need to use them selectively and with determination. Our power will be used if others do not play by the rules. Our friends and enemies must know that if I draw a line in the sand, I will enforce it. However, unlike other candidates for the presidency, war and aggression will not be my first instinct. You cannot have a foreign policy without diplomacy. A superpower understands that caution and restraint are signs of strength. Although not in government service, I was totally against the War in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East. Sadly, I was correct, and the biggest beneficiary was Iran, who is systematically taking over Iraq and gaining access to their rich oil reserves  something it has wanted to do for decades. And now, to top it all off, we have ISIS. My goal is to establish a foreign policy that will endure for several generations. That is why I will also look for talented experts with new approaches, and practical ideas, rather than surrounding myself with those who have perfect resumes but very little to brag about except responsibility for a long history of failed policies and continued losses at war. Finally, I will work with our allies to reinvigorate Western values and institutions. Instead of trying to spread "universal values" that not everyone shares, we should understand that strengthening and promoting Western civilization and its accomplishments will do more to inspire positive reforms around the world than military interventions. These are my goals, as president. I will seek a foreign policy that all Americans, whatever their party, can support, and which our friends and allies will respect and welcome. The world must know that we do not go abroad in search of enemies, that we are always happy when old enemies become friends, and when old friends become allies. To achieve these goals, Americans must have confidence in their country and its leadership again. Many Americans must wonder why our politicians seem more interested in defending the borders of foreign countries than their own. Americans must know that we are putting the American people first again. On trade, on immigration, on foreign policy  the jobs, incomes and security of the American worker will always be my first priority. No country has ever prospered that failed to put its own interests first. Both our friends and enemies put their countries above ours and we, while being fair to them, must do the same. We will no longer surrender this country, or its people, to the false song of globalism. The nation-state remains the true foundation for happiness and harmony. I am skeptical of international unions that tie us up and bring America down, and will never enter America into any agreement that reduces our ability to control our own affairs. NAFTA, as an example, has been a total disaster for the U.S. and has emptied our states of our manufacturing and our jobs. Never again. Only the reverse will happen. We will keep our jobs and bring in new ones. Their will be consequences for companies that leave the U.S. only to exploit it later. Under a Trump Administration, no American citizen will ever again feel that their needs come second to the citizens of foreign countries. I will view the world through the clear lens of American interests. I will be America's greatest defender and most loyal champion. We will not apologize for becoming successful again, but will instead embrace the unique heritage that makes us who we are. The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous, when America is strongest. America will continually play the role of peacemaker. We will always help to save lives and, indeed, humanity itself. But to play that role, we must make America strong again. We must make America respected again. And we must make America great again. If we do that, perhaps this century can be the most peaceful and prosperous the world has ever known. Thank you.
Thank you for joining me today.This was going to be a speech on Hillary Clinton and how bad a President, especially in these times of Radical Islamic Terrorism, she would be.Even her former Secret Service Agent, who has seen her under pressure and in times of stress, has stated that she lacks the temperament and integrity to be president.There will be plenty of opportunity to discuss these important issues at a later time, and I will deliver that speech soon.But today there is only one thing to discuss: the growing threat of terrorism inside of our borders.The attack on the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was the worst terrorist strike on our soil since September 11th, and the worst mass shooting in our country's history.So many people dead, so many people gravely injured, so much carnage, such a disgrace.The horror is beyond description.The families of these wonderful people are totally devastated. Likewise, our whole nation, and indeed the whole world, is devastated.We express our deepest sympathies to the victims, the wounded, and their families.We mourn, as one people, for our nation's loss  and pledge our support to any and all who need it.I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of the attack.[SILENCE]Our nation stands together in solidarity with the members of Orlando's LGBT Community.This is a very dark moment in America's history.A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation.It is a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation.It is an assault on the ability of free people to live their lives, love who they want and express their identity.It is an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety in their own country.We need to respond to this attack on America as one united people  with force, purpose and determination.But the current politically correct response cripples our ability to talk and think and act clearly.If we don't get tough, and we don't get smart  and fast  we're not going to have a country anymore -- there will be nothing left.The killer, whose name I will not use, or ever say, was born to Afghan parents who immigrated to the United States. His father published support for the Afghan Taliban, a regime which murders those who don't share its radical views. The father even said he was running for President of that country.The bottom line is that the only reason the killer was in America in the first place was because we allowed his family to come here.That is a fact, and it's a fact we need to talk about.We have a dysfunctional immigration system which does not permit us to know who we let into our country, and it does not permit us to protect our citizens.We have an incompetent administration, and if I am not elected President, that will not change over the next four years -- but it must change, and it must change now.With fifty people dead, and dozens more wounded, we cannot afford to talk around the issue anymore -- we have to address it head on.I called for a ban after San Bernardino, and was met with great scorn and anger but now, many are saying I was right to do so -- and although the pause is temporary, we must find out what is going on. The ban will be lifted when we as a nation are in a position to properly and perfectly screen those people coming into our country.The immigration laws of the United States give the President the power to suspend entry into the country of any class of persons that the President deems detrimental to the interests or security of the United States, as he deems appropriate.I will use this power to protect the American people. When I am elected, I will suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies, until we understand how to end these threats.After a full, impartial and long overdue security assessment, we will develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer.Many of the principles of Radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions.Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American.I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, and Jewish people, are the targets of persecution and intimidation by Radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence.It's not just a national security issue. It is a quality of life issue.If we want to protect the quality of life for all Americans  women and children, gay and straight, Jews and Christians and all people  then we need to tell the truth about Radical Islam.We need to tell the truth, also, about how Radical Islam is coming to our shores.We are importing Radical Islamic Terrorism into the West through a failed immigration system -- and through an intelligence community held back by our president.Even our own FBI Director has admitted that we cannot effectively check the backgrounds of the people we are letting into America.All of the September 11th hijackers were issued visas.Large numbers of Somali refugees in Minnesota have tried to join ISIS.The Boston Bombers came here through political asylum.The male shooter in San Bernardino  again, whose name I won't mention -- was the child of immigrants from Pakistan, and he brought his wife  the other terrorist - from Saudi Arabia, through another one of our easily exploited visa programs.Immigration from Afghanistan into the United States has increased nearly five-fold in just one year. According to Pew Research, 99% of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia Law.We admit many more from other countries in the region who share these same oppressive views.If we want to remain a free and open society, then we have to control our borders.Yet, Hillary Clinton  for months and despite so many attacks  repeatedly refused to even say the words "radical Islam," until I challenged her yesterday to say the words or leave the race.However, Hillary Clinton  who has been forced to say the words today after policies she supports have caused us so much damage  still has no clue what Radical Islam is, and won't speak honestly about what it is.She is in total denial, and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the world.In fact, just a few weeks before the San Bernardino slaughter, Hillary Clinton explained her refusal to say the words Radical Islam. Here is what she said: "Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people, and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism."Hillary Clinton says the solution is to ban guns. They tried that in France, which has among the toughest gun laws in the world, and 130 were brutally murdered by Islamic terrorists in cold blood. Her plan is to disarm law-abiding Americans, abolishing the 2nd amendment, and leaving only the bad guys and terrorists with guns. She wants to take away Americans' guns, then admit the very people who want to slaughter us.I will be meeting with the NRA, which has given me their earliest endorsement in a Presidential race, to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror.The bottom line is that Hillary supports the policies that bring the threat of Radical Islam into America, and allow it to grow overseas.In fact, Hillary Clinton's catastrophic immigration plan will bring vastly more Radical Islamic immigration into this country, threatening not only our security but our way of life.When it comes to Radical Islamic terrorism, ignorance is not bliss  it's deadly.The Obama Administration, with the support of Hillary Clinton and others, has also damaged our security by restraining our intelligence-gathering and failing to support law enforcement. They have put political correctness above common sense, above your safety, and above all else.I refuse to be politically correct.I will do the right thing--I want to straighten things out and to Make America Great Again.The days of deadly ignorance will end, and they will end soon.As President I will give our intelligence community, law enforcement and military the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks.We need an intelligence-gathering system second to none. That includes better cooperation between state, local and federal officials  and with our allies.I will have an Attorney General, a Director of National Intelligence, and a Secretary of Defense who will know how to fight the war on Radical Islamic Terrorism  and who will have the support they require to get the job done.We also must ensure the American people are provided the information they need to understand the threat.The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration has already identified hundreds of immigrants charged with terrorist activities inside the United States since September 11th.Nearly a year ago, the Senate Subcommittee asked President Obama's Departments of Justice, State and Homeland Security to provide the immigration history of all terrorists inside the United States.These Departments refused to comply.President Obama must release the full and complete immigration histories of all individuals implicated in terrorist activity of any kind since 9/11.The public has a right to know how these people got here.We have to screen applicants to know whether they are affiliated with, or support, radical groups and beliefs.We have to control the amount of future immigration into this country to prevent large pockets of radicalization from forming inside America.Even a single individual can be devastating, just look at what happened in Orlando. Can you imagine large groups?Truly, our President doesn't know what he is doing. He has failed us, and failed us badly, and under his leadership, this situation will not get any better -- it will only get worse.Each year, the United States permanently admits more than 100,000 immigrants from the Middle East, and many more from Muslim countries outside the Middle East. Our government has been admitting ever-growing numbers, year after year, without any effective plan for our security.In fact, Clinton's State Department was in charge of the admissions process for people applying to enter from overseas.Having learned nothing from these attacks, she now plans to massively increase admissions without a screening plan, including a 500% increase in Syrian refugees.This could be a better, bigger version of the legendary Trojan Horse.We can't let this happen.Altogether, under the Clinton plan, you'd be admitting hundreds of thousands of refugees from the Middle East with no system to vet them, or to prevent the radicalization of their children.The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why she believes immigration from these dangerous countries should be increased without any effective system to screen who we are bringing in.The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans.The burden is also on Hillary Clinton to tell us how she will pay for it. Her plan will cost Americans hundreds of billions of dollars long-term.Wouldn't this money be better spent on rebuilding America for our current population, including the many poor people already living here?We have to stop the tremendous flow of Syrian refugees into the United States  we don't know who they are, they have no documentation, and we don't know what they're planning.What I want is common sense. I want a mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values.That is the choice I put before the American people: a mainstream immigration policy designed to benefit America, or Hillary Clinton's radical immigration policy designed to benefit politically-correct special interests.We've got to get smart, and tough, and vigilant, and we've got to do it now, because later is too late.Ask yourself, who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community, Donald Trump with his actions, or Hillary Clinton with her words? Clinton wants to allow Radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our countrythey enslave women, and murder gays.I don't want them in our country.The terrorist attack on the Pulse Night Club demands a full and complete investigation into every aspect of the assault.In San Bernardino, as an example, people knew what was going on, but they used the excuse of racial profiling for not reporting it.We need to know what the killer discussed with his relatives, parents, friends and associates.We need to know if he was affiliated with any radical Mosques or radical activists and what, if any, is their immigration status.We need to know if he travelled anywhere, and who he travelled with.We need to make sure every single last person involved in this plan  including anyone who knew something but didn't tell us  is brought to justice.If it can be proven that somebody had information about any attack, and did not give this information to authorities, they must serve prison time .America must do more  much more  to protect its citizens, especially people who are potential victims of crimes based on their backgrounds or sexual orientations.It also means we must change our foreign policy.The decision to overthrow the regime in Libya, then pushing for the overthrow of the regime in Syria, among other things, without plans for the day after, have created space for ISIS to expand and grow.These actions, along with our disastrous Iran deal, have also reduced our ability to work in partnership with our Muslim allies in the region.That is why our new goal must be to defeat Islamic terrorism, not nation-building.For instance, the last major NATO mission was Hillary Clinton's war in Libya. That mission helped unleash ISIS on a new continent.I've said NATO needs to change its focus to stopping terrorism. Since I've raised that criticism, NATO has since announced a new initiative focused on just that.America must unite the whole civilized world in the fight against Islamic terrorism, just like we did against communism in the Cold War.We've tried it President Obama's way. He gave the world his apology tour, we got ISIS, and many other problems, in return.I'd like to conclude my remarks today by again expressing our solidarity with the people of Orlando who have come under attack.When I am President, I pledge to protect and defend all Americans who live inside of our borders. Wherever they come from, wherever they were born, all Americans living here and following our laws will be protected.America will be a tolerant and open society.America will also be a safe society.We will protect our borders at home.We will defeat ISIS overseas.We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety.We will make America rich again.We will make America safe again.We will make American Great Again.Thank you.The media talks about "homegrown," terrorism, but Islamic radicalism, and the networks that nurture it, are imports from overseas.Yes, there are many radicalized people already inside our country as a result of the poor policies of the past. But the whole point is that it will be much, much easier to deal with our current problem if we don't keep on bringing in people who add to the problem.For instance, the controversial Mosque attended by the Boston Bombers had as its founder an immigrant from overseas charged in an assassination plot.This shooter in Orlando was the child of an immigrant father who supported one of the most repressive regimes on Earth. Why would we admit people who support violent hatred?Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country who suppress women, gays and anyone who doesn't share their views.She can't have it both ways. She can't claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress them.How does this kind of immigration make our life better? How does this kind of immigration make our country better?Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people herein vast numberswho reject our values?Immigration is a privilege, and we should not let anyone into this country who doesn't support our communities  all of our communities.America has already admitted four times more immigrants than any country on earth, and we continue to admit millions more with no real checks or scrutiny.Not surprisingly, wages for our workers haven't budged in many years.So whether it's matter of national security, or financial security, we can't afford to keep on going like this. We owe $19 trillion in debt, and no longer have options.All our communities, from all backgrounds, are ready for some relief. This is not an act of offense against anyone; it is an act of defense.I want us all to work together, including in partnership with our Muslim communities. But Muslim communities must cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad  and they do know where they are.I want to fix our schools, roads, bridges and job market. I want every American to succeed. Hillary Clinton wants to empty out the Treasury to bring people into the country that include individuals who preach hate against our own citizens.I want to protect our citizens  all of our citizens.
Today I'd like to share my thoughts about the stakes in this election.People have asked me why I am running for President.I have built an amazing business that I love and I get to work side-by-side with my children every day.We come to work together and turn visions into reality.We think big, and then we make it happen.I love what I do, and I am grateful beyond words to the nation that has allowed me to do it.So when people ask me why I am running, I quickly answer: I am running to give back to this country which has been so good to me.When I see the crumbling roads and bridges, or the dilapidated airports, or the factories moving overseas to Mexico, or to other countries, I know these problems can all be fixed, but not by Hillary Clinton  only by me.The fact is, we can come back bigger and better and stronger than ever before --Jobs, jobs, jobs!Everywhere I look, I see the possibilities of what our country could be. But we can't solve any of these problems by relying on the politicians who created them.We will never be able to fix a rigged system by counting on the same people who rigged it in the first place.The insiders wrote the rules of the game to keep themselves in power and in the money.That's why we're asking Bernie Sanders' voters to join our movement: so together we can fix the system for ALL Americans. Importantly, this includes fixing all of our many disastrous trade deals.Because it's not just the political system that's rigged. It's the whole economy.It's rigged by big donors who want to keep down wages.It's rigged by big businesses who want to leave our country, fire our workers, and sell their products back into the U.S. with absolutely no consequences for them.It's rigged by bureaucrats who are trapping kids in failing schools.It's rigged against you, the American people.Hillary Clinton who, as most people know, is a world class liar just look at her pathetic email and server statements, or her phony landing in Bosnia where she said she was under attack but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers, a total self-serving lie.Brian Williams' career was destroyed for saying far less.Yesterday, she even tried to attack me and my many businesses. But here is the bottom line: I started off in Brooklyn New York, not so long ago, with a small loan and built a business worth over 10 billion dollars. I have always had a talent for building businesses and, importantly, creating jobs. That is a talent our country desperately needs.I am running for President to end the unfairness and to put you, the American worker, first.We are going to put America First, and we are going to Make America Great again.This election will decide whether we are ruled by the people, or by the politicians.Here is my promise to the American voter:If I am elected President, I will end the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C.The other candidate in this race has spent her entire life making money for special interests  and taking money from special interests.Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft.She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund  doing favors for oppressive regimes, and many others, in exchange for cash.Then, when she left, she made $21.6 million giving speeches to Wall Street banks and other special interests  in less than 2 years  secret speeches that she does not want to reveal to the public. Together, she and Bill made $153 million giving speeches to lobbyists, CEOs, and foreign governments in the years since 2001.They totally own her, and that will never change.The choice in this election is a choice between taking our government back from the special interests, or surrendering our last scrap of independence to their total and complete control.Those are the stakes.Hillary Clinton wants to be President. But she doesn't have the temperament, or, as Bernie Sanders' said, the judgement, to be president.She believes she is entitled to the office.Her campaign slogan is "I'm with her."You know what my response to that is? I'm with you: the American people.She thinks it's all about her.I know it's all about you  I know it's all about making America Great Again for All Americans.Our country lost its way when we stopped putting the American people first.We got here because we switched from a policy of Americanism  focusing on what's good for America's middle class  to a policy of globalism, focusing on how to make money for large corporations who can move their wealth and workers to foreign countries all to the detriment of the American worker and the American economy.We reward companies for offshoring, and we punish companies for doing business in America and keeping our workers employed.This is not a rising tide that lifts all boats.This is a wave of globalization that wipes out our middle class and our jobs.We need to reform our economic system so that, once again, we can all succeed together, and America can become rich again.That's what we mean by America First.Our country will be better off when we start making our own products again, bringing our once great manufacturing capabilities back to our shores.Our Founders understood this.One of the first major bills signed by George Washington called for "the encouragement and protection of manufactur[ing]" in America.Our first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned us by saying:"The abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people."I have visited the cities and towns across America and seen the devastation caused by the trade policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton.Hillary Clinton supported Bill Clinton's disastrous NAFTA, just like she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization.We've lost nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs since these two Hillary-backed agreements were signed.Our trade deficit with China soared 40% during Hillary Clinton's time as Secretary of State -- a disgraceful performance for which she should not be congratulated, but rather scorned.Then she let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property  a crime which is continuing to this day.Hillary Clinton gave China millions of our best jobs, and effectively let China completely rebuild itself.In return, Hillary Clinton got rich!The book Clinton Cash, by Peter Schweitzer, documents how Bill and Hillary used the State Department to enrich their family at America's expense.She gets rich making you poor.Here is a quote from the book: "At the center of US policy toward China was Hillary Clintonat this critical time for US-china relations, Bill Clinton gave a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters."These funds were paid to the Clinton bank account while Hillary was negotiating with China on behalf of the United States.She sold out our workers, and our country, for Beijing.Hillary Clinton has also been the biggest promoter of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will ship millions more of our jobs overseas  and give up Congressional power to an international foreign commission.Now, because I have pointed out why it would be such a disastrous deal, she is pretending that she is against it. She has even deleted this record of total support from her book  deletion is something she is very good at -- (at least 30,000 emails are missing.)But this latest Clinton cover-up doesn't change anything: if she is elected president, she will adopt the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and we will lose millions of jobs and our economic independence for good. She will do this, just as she has betrayed the American worker on trade at every single stage of her career  and it will be even worse than the Clintons' NAFTA deal.I want trade deals, but they have to be great for the United States and our workers.We don't make great deals anymore, but we will once I become president.It's not just our economy that's been corrupted, but our foreign policy too.The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars  and unleashed ISIS across the world.No Secretary of State has been more wrong, more often, and in more places than Hillary Clinton.Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched.Among the victims is our late Ambassador, Chris Stevens. He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed -- that's right, when the phone rang at 3 o'clock in the morning, she was sleeping.Ambassador Stevens and his staff in Libya made hundreds of requests for security.Hillary Clinton's State Department refused them all.She started the war that put him in Libya, denied him the security he asked for, then left him there to die.To cover her tracks, Hillary lied about a video being the cause of his death.Here is what one of the victim's mothers had to say:"I want the whole world to know it: she lied to my face, and you don't want this person to be president."In 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn in, it was a different world.Libya was cooperating.Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence.Syria was under control.Iran was being choked by sanctions.Egypt was governed by a friendly regime that honored its peace treaty with Israel.ISIS wasn't even on the map.Fast forward to 2013: In just four years, Secretary Clinton managedto almost single-handedly destabilize the entire Middle East.Her invasion of Libya handed the country over to the ISIS barbarians.Thanks to Hillary Clinton, Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East, and on the road to nuclear weapons.Hillary Clinton's support for violent regime change in Syria has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen  while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.She helped force out a friendly regime in Egypt and replace it with the radical Muslim Brotherhood. The Egyptian military has retaken control, but Clinton has opened the Pandora's box of radical Islam.Then, there was the disastrous strategy of announcing our departure date from Iraq, handing large parts of the country over to ISIS killers.ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made.ISIS also threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East, and peaceful Muslims across the world, who have been terribly victimized by horrible brutality  and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety.In short, Hillary Clinton's tryout for the presidency has produced one deadly foreign policy disaster after another.It all started with her bad judgment in supporting the War in Iraq in the first place.Though I was not in government service, I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war, and yes, even before the war ever started.But Hillary Clinton learned nothing from Iraq, because when she got into power, she couldn't wait to rush us off to war in Libya.She lacks the temperament, the judgment and the competence to lead.In the words of a Secret Service agent posted outside the Oval Office:"She simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the officefrom the bottom of my soul, I know this to be trueHer leadership style  volcanic, impulsivedisdainful of the rules set for everyone else  hasn't changed a bit."Perhaps the most terrifying thing about Hillary Clinton's foreign policy is that she refuses to acknowledge the threat posed by Radical Islam.In fact, Hillary Clinton supports a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees coming into the United States, and that's an increase over President Obama's already very high number.Under her plan, we would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on Earth  with no way to screen who they are or what they believe. Already, hundreds of recent immigrants and their children have been convicted of terrorist activity inside the U.S.The father of the Orlando shooter was a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan, one of the most repressive anti-gay and anti-women regimes on Earth.I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people.Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death.Maybe her motivation lies among the more than 1,000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department.Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.Here is some more of what we learned from the book, Clinton Cash:A foreign telecom giant faced possible State Department sanctions for providing technology to Iran, and other oppressive regimes. So what did this company do? For the first time ever, they decided to pay Bill Clinton $750,000 for a single speech. The Clintons got their cash, the telecom company escaped sanctions.Hillary Clinton's State Department approved the transfer of 20% of America's uranium holdings to Russia, while 9 investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.Hillary Clinton appointed a top donor to a national security board with top secret access  even though he had no national security credentials.Hillary Clinton accepted $58,000 in jewelry from the government of Brunei when she was Secretary of State  plus millions more for her foundation. The Sultan of Brunei has pushed oppressive Sharia law, including the punishment of death by stoning for being gay. The government of Brunei also stands to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Hillary's Trans-Pacific Partnership, which she would absolutely approve if given the chance. Hillary Clinton took up to $25 million from Saudi Arabia, where being gay is also punishable by death.Hillary took millions from Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and many other countries that horribly abuse women and LGBT citizens.To cover-up her corrupt dealings, Hillary Clinton illegally stashed her State Department emails on a private server.Her server was easily hacked by foreign governments  perhaps even by her financial backers in Communist China  putting all of America in danger.Then there are the 33,000 emails she deleted.While we may not know what is in those deleted emails, our enemies probably do.So they probably now have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be President of the United States.This fact alone disqualifies her from the Presidency.We can't hand over our government to someone whose deepest, darkest secrets may be in the hands of our enemies.National security is also immigration security  and Hillary wants neither.Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States.She has pledged to grant mass amnesty and in her first 100 days, end virtually all immigration enforcement, and thus create totally open borders in the United States.The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African-American and Hispanic workers who need jobs. They are the ones she will hurt the most.Let me share with you a letter our campaign received from Mary Ann Mendoza.She lost her amazing son, Police Sergeant Brandon Mendoza, after he was killed by an illegal immigrant because of the open borders policies supported by Hillary Clinton.Sadly, the Mendoza family is just one of thousands who have suffered the same fate.Here is an excerpt from Mrs. Mendoza's letter:"Hillary Clinton, who already has the blood of so many on her hands, is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harms' way  an open door policy to criminals and terrorists to enter our country. Hillary is not concerned about you or I, she is only concerned about the power the presidency would bring to her. She needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes she has already committed against this country."Hillary also wants to spend hundreds of billions to resettle Middle Eastern refugees in the United States, on top of the current record level of immigration.For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.Hillary's Wall Street immigration agenda will keep immigrant communities poor, and unemployed Americans out of work. She can't claim to care about African-American and Hispanic workers when she wants to bring in millions of new low-wage workers to compete against them.Here are a few things a Trump Administration will do for America in the first 100 days:Appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution. Hillary Clinton's radical judges will virtually abolish the 2nd amendment.Change immigration rules to give unemployed Americans an opportunity to fill good-paying jobsStand up to countries that cheat on trade, of which there are manyCancel rules and regulations that send jobs overseasLift restrictions on energy productionRepeal and replace job-killing Obamacare -- it is a disaster.Pass massive tax reform to create millions of new jobs.Impose tough new ethics rules to restore dignity to the Office of Secretary of State.There is one common theme in all of these reforms.It's going to be America First.This is why the stakes in November are so great.On Election Day, the politicians stand trial before the people.The voters are the jury. Their ballots are the verdict. We don't need or want another Clinton or Obama.Come November, the American people will have a chance to issue a verdict on the politicians that have sacrificed their security, betrayed their prosperity, and sold out their country.They will have a chance to vote for a new agenda with big dreams, bold ideas and enormous possibilities for the American people.Hillary Clinton's message is old and tired. Her message is that can't change.My message is that things have to change  and this is our one chance do it. This is our last chance to do it.Americans are the people that tamed the West, that dug out the Panama Canal, that sent satellites across the solar system that built the great dams, and so much more.Then we started thinking small.We stopped believing in what America could do, and became reliant on other countries, other people, and other institutions.We lost our sense of purpose, and daring.But that's not who we are.Come this November, we can bring America back  bigger and better, and stronger than ever.We will build the greatest infrastructure on the planet earth  the roads and railways and airports of tomorrow.Our military will have the best technology and finest equipment  we will bring it back all the way.Massive new factories will come roaring into our country  breathing life and hope into our communities.Inner cities, which have been horribly abused by Hillary Clinton and the Democrat Party, will finally be rebuilt.Construction is what I know -- nobody knows it better.The real wages for our workers have not been raised for 18 years -- but these wages will start going up, along with the new jobs. Hillary's massive taxation, regulation and open borders will destroy jobs and drive down wages for everyone.We are also going to be supporting our police and law enforcement -- we can never forget the great job they do.I am also going to appoint great Supreme Court Justices.Our country is going to start working again.People are going to start working again.Parents are going to start dreaming big for their children again  including parents in our inner cities.Americans are going to start believing in the future or our country.We are going to make America rich again.We are going to make America safe again.We are going to make America Great Again  and Great Again For EVERYONE.
Thank you.I'd like to thank Chairman Jeff Miller for his leadership on behalf of those who have served this country in military uniform, and for working with our campaign on developing real solutions for our great Veterans.Before going further today, however, I would first like to address the contributions of another group who serve this country in uniform: the men and women in blue.Our Police Officers rush into danger every day to protect our communities, and they often do it thanklessly and under relentless criticism.They save thousands of lives every year, perform countless public services every day, and yet their names will likely never appear in a single headline or media report.But I want our nation's police to know, that we thank you, and we support you, and we will always stand with you.The attack on our Dallas police is an attack on our country.Our whole nation is in mourning, and will be for a very long time.Yet, we've also seen increasing threats against our police and a substantial rise in the number of officers killed in the line of duty.America's police and law enforcement personnel are what separates civilization from total chaos  and the destruction of our country as we know it.We must remember, the police are needed the most where crime is the highest. Politicians and activists who seek to remove police or policing from a community are hurting the poorest and most vulnerable Americans.It is time for the hostility against our police, and against all members of law enforcement, to end  and to end right now.We went through an ugly chapter in our history, during Vietnam, when our troops became the victims of harassment and political agendas. For too many police today, that is their daily reality.At the same time, the tragic deaths in Louisiana and Minnesota make clear the work that must be done to ensure every American feels that their safety is protected. We were all disturbed by the images we saw.We must discuss, as well, the ongoing catastrophe of crime in our inner cities. According to the Chicago Tribune, there has already been more than 2,000 shooting victims in Chicago this year alone. This epidemic of violence destroys lives, destroys communities, and destroys opportunity for young Americans.Violent crime has increased in cities across America. The New York Times described "a startling rise in murders," in our major cities.Brutal drug cartels are spreading their reach into Virginia and Maryland.Too many Americans are trapped in fear, violence and poverty.Our inner cities have been left behind, and I am going to fight to make sure every citizen of this country has a safe home, safe school and safe community.We must maintain law and order at the highest level or we will cease to have a country.I am the law and order candidate.Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is weak, ineffective, pandering, and, as proven by her recent email scandal, which was an embarrassment not only to her, but to the nation as a whole, she is either a liar or grossly incompetent.Personally, I think she is both.Not only am I the law and order candidate, but I am also the candidate of compassion. But you can't have true compassion without providing safety for the citizens of the United States. Every kid in America should be able to securely walk the streets in their own neighborhood.Everyone will be protected equally and treated justly, without prejudice.We will be tough, we will be smart, we will be fair  and we will protect all Americans.Without safety, we have nothing!It is the job of the next President to Make America Safe Again  For Everyone.That promise of protection must include taking care of every last Veteran, which was going to be the sole topic of today's speech prior to the attack in Dallas.The men and women who have served in our armed forces represent the very best of America.Now is the time to follow their example of unity, public service and selfless devotion to our country.We made a promise to these heroes. You defend America, and America will defend you.But that promise has been broken by our politicians, like so many other promises our country has made  not only to its veterans, but to its citizens as a whole.President Obama has allowed our Veterans Affairs health care system to deny help and support to those who deserve it most.Hillary Clinton recently said of the VA scandal that "it's not been as widespread as it has been made out to be."She actually thinks that the Veterans Health Administration is well run  that's because she has been part of the rigged system.Perhaps it is easy for politicians to lose touch with reality when they are being paid millions of dollars to read speeches to Wall Street executives  instead of spending time with real people in real pain.The disconnect in America is deep.There are two Americas: the ruling class, and the groups it favors, and then everyone else.The VA scandals that have occurred on this Administration's watch are widespread and inexcusable.An internal memo from a senior VA official describes "lawlessness and chaos," at the Veterans Health Administration, including the payments of $6 billion a year in violation of federal contracting rules.The memo also says they "waste millions of dollars by paying excessive prices due to breaches of federal laws" and warns that "these unlawful acts may potentially result in serious harm or death to America's Veterans."Even the White House's own Deputy Chief of Staff described "significant and chronic systemic failures," in Veterans Affairs, including "a corrosive culture that has led to personnel problems across the Department," with "poor management," and "a history of retaliation toward employees raising issues." He said there is a "lack of accountability across all grade levels."Here are just a few examples:--Forty veterans died waiting for care in Phoenix.--Forty different VA facilities nationwide were found to be manipulating and falsifying wait times.--A VA employee who was involved in an armed robbery was kept on staff, as was a convicted sex offender.--The VA spent $8 million on solar panels for a facility knowing they would likely need to be torn down.--The St. Cloud, Minn. VA built a $2.3 million wind turbine in April 2011 that hasn't supplied power since 2012.Can you imagine the waste and corruption we'll find when we begin a full investigation in January of 2017?Most of those responsible have still not been held to account.Fixing this corruption will be one of my highest priorities  and it will happen. It will be fixed.That begins with a simple promise: every Veteran will get timely access to top-quality careVeterans should be guaranteed the right to choose their doctor and clinics, whether at a VA facility or at a private medical center.We must extend this right to all Veterans not just those who can't get an appointment in 30 days, or who live more than 40 miles from a VA hospital, which is the current policy.This promise includes guaranteed access to the best available healthcare services for our female Veterans.We must also do more to help our Veterans find jobsEvery year, large corporations bring in many thousands of low-wage workers from overseas, and across the border, to fill jobs that could easily be filled by our Veterans.Veterans should come first in the country they fought to protect, and under a Trump Administration they will -- America First, Veterans First.Veterans' health care must also include the best mental health care.A shocking 20 Veterans are committing suicide each day, especially our older Veterans.This is a national tragedy.The evidence shows that if Veterans are in the system, receiving care, they are much less likely to take their own lives than Veterans outside the system.That is why we must increase the number of mental health care professionals inside the VA  while ensuring that Veterans can access private mental health care as well.America must take action to improve mental health services for the country at large. This includes expanding the number of facilities, integrating primary care and mental care professionals, reforming confinement rules, and making it easier for family members who see warning signs to get their loved ones the care they need  especially in emergencies.One of the most important reforms we can make is accountabilityRight now, when VA employees fail our Veterans, you can't discipline them.That's because of outdated civil service rules in need of reform.In fact, employees are given bonuses after making bad decisions.In 2014, the VA awarded $142 million in bonuses to its employees, including bonuses to the executives who oversaw construction of the Denver VA hospital that was more than $1 billion over budget.Two other VA executives even abused their authority to obtain $400,000 in relocation benefits.It doesn't have to be this way.As Veteran Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller said: "The VA is not sacred. The Veteran is."Here is my 10 step plan to ensure quality, timely care for every Veteran in America:One:I will appoint a Secretary of Veterans Affairs who will make it his or her personal mission to clean up the VA.The Secretary's sole mandate will be to serve our Veterans  not bureaucrats, not politicians, but Veterans. Amazingly, President Obama's VA Secretary recently downplayed concerns about waiting times by saying that people also wait in line at Disneyland.Two:I am going to use every lawful authority to remove and discipline federal employees or managers who fail our Veterans or breach the public trust.Three:I am going to ask Congress to pass legislation that ensures the Secretary of Veterans Affairs has the authority to remove or discipline any employee who risks the health, safety or well-being of any Veteran.Four:I am going to appoint a commission to investigate all the wrongdoing at the VA and then present those findings to Congress as the basis for bold legislative reform.Five:I am going to make sure the honest and dedicated people in the VA have their jobs protected, and are put in line for promotions.Six:I will create a private White House Hotline  that is answered by a real person 24 hours a day  to ensure that no valid complaint about VA wrongdoing falls through the cracks.I will instruct my staff that if a valid complaint is not addressed that the issue be brought directly to me, and I will pick up the phone and fix it myself, if need be.That's a promise.Seven:We are going to stop giving bonuses to people for wasting money, and start giving bonuses to people for improving service, saving lives and cutting waste.If an employee finds a smart way to save a large amount of money that also creates better outcomes for our Veterans, then a small, responsible portion of the money saved will be given as a one-time bonus and the rest will be returned to taxpayers.Eight:We are going to reform our visa programs to ensure American Veterans are in the front, not back, of the line.Nine:We are going to increase the number of mental health care professionals, and increase outreach to Veterans outside of the system.Ten:We are going to ensure every Veteran in America has the choice to seek care at the VA, or to seek private medical care paid for by our government.Never again will we allow a Veteran to suffer or die waiting for the care they so richly deserve.We need to clean out the corruption in Government, and Hillary Clinton will never be able to do itShe is incompetent, and has proven that time and time again.Crooked Hillary Clinton is the Secretary of the Status Quo  and wherever Hillary Clinton goes, corruption and scandal follow.Our country needs change, and she will never give us change.The fact is, she helped create our rigged system.Hillary Clinton's America is a country where the elite get one standard of treatment and everybody else gets second-class treatment.The rigged system refused to prosecute her for conduct that put all of America at risk.Hillary Clinton went to great lengths to create a private email server and to bypass government security in order to keep her emails from being read by the public and by federal officials.In other words, she was willing to risk our foreign enemies reading her emails as long as the voting American public could not.Her conduct was willful, intentional, and unlawful  and her repeated false statements about her conduct prove that she was fully aware of her guilt.This was not just extreme carelessness with classified material  which is still totally disqualifying. This is calculated, deliberate, premeditated misconduct  followed by a cover-up that included false statements and lies to Congress, the media and the American people.In fact, when the FBI interviewed her for only 3 hours during the 4th of July weekend, her interview was not recorded, and she was, amazingly, not even put under oath.She carried out her dangerous email scheme at the same time as her bad judgement and enthusiasm for regime change was unleashing ISIS across the world.Afterwards, as a further demonstration of guilt, Hillary Clinton erased more than thirty thousand emails as part of the cover-up.The fact that she got away with all of this could be her single most impressive accomplishment.When thinking about her e-mail destruction, let's not forget: many foreign and corporate entities, and other special interests, with business before Hillary Clinton's State Department were making massive financial contributions. These contributions were made to both the Clinton Foundation and to the Clintons directly.If elected, Hillary Clinton would become the first President of the United States who wouldn't be able to pass a background check.Just look at what the FBI Director said about her  her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.Clearly, Hillary Clinton thinks she is above the law. Come November, the American people will show her that she is not.The decades of decay, division and decline will come to an end.The years of American Greatness will return.We are going to become, for the first time in a long time, one united country.We are going to make American Great Again  And Safe Again  For All Americans.We will dream big and bold and daring things once more.Let me conclude by paying tribute to every single American hero who has served this country, and most especially those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.Our debt to them is eternal and everlasting.We are going to fight for our military and our law enforcement personnel the same way they have fought for us.We will be a safe, strong, and proud country once again.Thank you.
Thank you, everybody. Great honor. Great honor, thank you. This is a wonderful day. Aww. [Chants of Trump, Trump, Trump] Wow. On a Saturday morning yet. Isn't that nice? Thank you, all. And we're going to have an incredible convention. It's really going well. We're going to have an incredible convention. And we're going to get things solved, and we're going to do lots of wonderful things for our country, most importantly. So I'm here today to introduce the man who will be my partner in this campaign, and the White House, to fix our rigged system -- we are in a rigged, rigged system -- and to make America safe again and to make America great again. I want to also address the Islamic terror attack in France. We've witnessed horror beyond belief, no matter where you look. And now it's happening more and more. And it's never going to stop. We need new leadership. We need new thinking. We need strength. We need in our country law and order. And if I'm elected president, that will happen. [applause] I want to express our unyielding support for the people of France, and we mourn their loss as a nation. And as far as Turkey is concerned, so many friends in Turkey, great people, amazing people. We wish them well. It looks like they're resolving the difficulty, but we wish them well. A lot of -- a lot of anguish last night, but hopefully it'll all work out. Now, as, hopefully, the next president of the United States, I want to refer back to what's happened over the years. The Middle East today is more unstable than ever before. Never been like this. Out of control. After four years of Clinton, who really led the way and led Obama down a horrible path, because I don't even think he could have made these decisions so badly, she led him right down a horrible path. He didn't know what he was doing. Iraq, Syria, all into chaos. And Iran is on a path to nuclear weapons. And on top of that, we gave them back $150 billion, and we didn't get our hostages until the end. Now we're seeing unrest in Turkey, a further demonstration of the failures of Obama-Clinton. You just have to look, every single thing they touched has turned to horrible, horrible, death-defying problems. We also need to bring back in this country -- because we see what happened -- our industry, our manufacturing, our jobs. They've been taken away, like we're babies. Taken away. And we're going to bring them back. I found the leader who will help us deliver a safe society and a prosperous -- really prosperous society for all Americans. Indiana Governor Mike Pence was my first choice. I've admired the work he's done, especially in the state of Indiana. And I'm going to go over some of those accomplishments in just a minute. But I also admire the fact that he fights for the people, and he's going to fight for you. He is a solid, solid person. [applause] Governor Pence served Indiana with distinction in Congress. He rose to leadership and served as the chairman of the entire House Republican Conference. Number one. He's really got the skills of a highly talented executive, leading the state of Indiana to jobs, growth, and opportunity, in spite of the relentless obstacles put in his way and every state's way by the Obama administration. It's horrible out there. High taxes and regulations. And it's out of control. Mike Pence is a man of honor, character, and honesty. We know that. Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of corruption. She's a corrupt person. What she's done with her e-mails, what she's done with so many things, and I see the ads up all the time, the ads. She's totally bought and paid for by Wall Street, the special interests, the lobbyists, 100 percent. She's crooked Hillary. [applause] And I think that, while she got away with murder, in fact, I think it might be her greatest accomplishment, escaping the recent scandal, and her lies, and the loss of 33,000 e-mails -- but it wasn't a loss, she discarded -- that in itself is a major crime. Other people have been paying tremendous prices for what they've done, which is peanuts compared to what happened with Hillary Clinton. Thirty-three thousand e-mails are missing, and that's OK? Didn't give them to the FBI? Didn't give them to the attorney general, and that's OK? Wipes her server clean, that's OK? These are crimes. These are crimes. And how she got away with it, I think I understand it, but I think a lot of people don't. But I do believe, while she didn't pay the price she should have paid, she's going to pay that price when November 8th rolls around. She's going to pay it at the polls. I believe that. [applause] On top of everything else, Hillary made $21.6 million giving speeches to special interests in a short period of time. She's totally owned by Wall Street. We believe in Americanism; she believes in globalism. And it's not that she believes in it. The people that give her all of this money believe in it. And she'll believe in whatever they want her to believe. Believe me. That's it. [applause] What a difference between crooked Hillary Clinton and Mike Pence. [applause] Mike Pence will never be afraid to speak the name of our enemy: Radical Islam. Radical Islamic terrorism. You saw it the other day with the truck screaming out the window. You heard what he was screaming out the window. You saw it in San Bernardino. You saw it at the World Trade Center. You saw it in Orlando. How horrible was that? You saw it in Paris. You see it all over. And Hillary is a weak person. We are the law and order candidates, and we're the law and order party. We're going to change things around. There's going to be respect again for law and order. [applause] Hillary Clinton's foreign policy helped launch ISIS. You know, she's talking -- I see the ads she puts on. If I make one statement, which is fine, she'll take that statement and put on a totally dishonest ad, because she's got a lot of money because it's given to her by the lobbyists and by the special interests. Got a lot of money. But I see the ads on foreign policy. She's talking about Donald Trump doesn't have foreign policy experience. Of course not. I've been a very, very, very successful businessperson. I mean -- but -- but if you look at my calls, I said, don't go into Iraq. Nobody cared, because I was a businessperson. I was a civilian. Take the oil. Many, many calls I've made. You take a look. I said that in Scotland and in the U.K., that was going to happen. I was the one that predicted it. And everybody said, he's wrong, he's wrong. President Obama said, if it happens, they're going to get to the back of the line, which probably is one of the reasons they lost, because I consider it a win. I think it was a win for them, actually, because they don't want to be told what to do. And they don't want to be told that when people pour into the country, they have to take them even if they're not qualified, even if they don't have paperwork, even if they have no idea where they come from. And I said that Brexit's going to happen. I said that they are going to break away. And everybody laughed at me. And the odds were 20 percent. And then when it happened, she took an ad saying, oh, Donald Trump said this or that, but I'm the one that said it was going to happen. And some of the more fair reporters -- about 30 percent of them -- said he was right. I appreciate that. Seventy percent didn't, so that's OK. So Mike Pence will never be afraid to speak the name of our enemy. So important. Now, I think if you look at one of the big reasons that I chose Mike -- and one of the reasons is party unity, I have to be honest. So many people have said party unity. Because I'm an outsider. I want to be an outsider. I think it's one of the reasons I won in landslides. I won in landslides. This wasn't close. This wasn't close. [applause] No, this wasn't close. This was -- in the history of the Republican Party, history, with 17 people running, you have to understand, other people ran against one, two, and three. There were 17. We got -- I say we, because I'm the messenger, I'm a messenger -- I'm doing a good job, but I'm a messenger -- we got almost 14 million votes. That's more than any other person in the history of the Republican Party in the primary system running for president. Think of it. That's more than Ronald Reagan, who we love. That's more than Richard Nixon. It's more than Dwight D. Eisenhower. You know, he won the Second World War, in all fairness. Pretty good. It's more than the Bushes. But I mean by a lot. I don't mean by a little. But that's with 17 people. People don't over-say that. That means our message is unbelievable. And I want to thank all of the loyal people -- because I have such loyal, unbelievable people, and they displayed that just yesterday in Cleveland, where it's going to be so amazing. But they displayed it. It was on display, where we had this group of people, who -- many of whom I've known, and I won't say, because for party unity, I'll say they're wonderful people, OK? Never Trump, they said, never Trump, never Trump. Oh, we're going to win. They got crushed. And they got crushed immediately, because people want what we're saying to happen. They're tired of a country that has horrible trade deals, that has no borders, that has taxes that are through the roof, highest taxed nation just about in the world, that has regulations that don't allow you to start a business and destroy your business if you do start -- and, by the way, speaking of destroying businesses, we're going to take care of the miners and we're going to take care of the steelworkers. We're going to put 'em back to work. [applause] So they're very tired of it. But I want to thank all of those people that  delegates-- that were on the different committees, because, boy, was that something. Did we show them something. And unfortunately, the vote was very late. But essentially, we had 112-12. This was the vote that was going to put it onto the floor and we're going to have a big fight. We're not going to have a fight. People agree with what we've -- they want the wall. They want the borders. They want these things to happen. And what we're doing... [applause] And what we're doing that I'm so proud of, so proud -- and nobody else would even think about doing it -- I fought very hard for it. We'll call it the Johnson amendment, where he took away from the evangelicals -- and I want to thank the evangelicals, because without the evangelicals, I could not have won this nomination. The evangelicals have been unbelievable. I dominated with the evangelicals. A lot of people were surprised. They say he's not perfect. But you know what? They know I'm going to get the job done, and they're really smart. [applause] And I said -- and I said for the evangelicals, that we're going to do something that nobody's even tried to do. You have the Johnson amendment passed by Lyndon Johnson and his group. And he was a powerful president. He knew how to get things done. He got bogged down in a war that was a disaster and it destroyed him. But he was a powerful president. And we call it the Johnson amendment, where you are just absolutely shunned if you're evangelical, if you want to talk religion, you lose your tax-exempt status. We put into the platform, we're going to get rid of that horrible Johnson amendment. And we're going to let evangelicals, we're going to let Christians and Jews and people of religion talk without being afraid to talk. I saw this. I had so many great leaders so many times up to my office, the top -- the absolute top evangelical leaders, Christian leaders, Jewish leaders, believe it or not, some Muslim leaders -- people are going to be surprised to hear that -- I had the top leaders up to my office, and I said, why is it that you're so powerful as an individual, and yet when you get out there, you're sort of timid? And they didn't know how to answer the question. And it took two, three meetings before I figured it out. One great, great gentleman that everybody knows, but whose name I will not reveal, said, Mr. Trump, we live in fear in our churches and our synagogues. We live in fear that we're going to lose our tax-exempt status if we say anything that's even slightly political. And I looked out the window. I was in Trump Tower, and I pointed to people walking down the street. I said, well, they have the right to speak, but you don't. That means they're more powerful than you are. We have to do something about it. How did it start? How did it start? [applause] And they said, it started because of Lyndon Johnson. And he actually had a problem in Texas with a certain religious leader. And he did this, and he got it done. And we're going to undo it, so that religious leaders in this country, and those unbelievable people--and not because they backed me in such large numbers-- but so that religion can again have a voice, because religion's voice has been taken away. And we're going to change that. OK? All right. [applause] Back to Mike Pence. So one of the primary reasons I chose Mike was I looked at Indiana, and I won Indiana big. Remember, Indiana was going to be the firewall. That's where Trump was going down -- they agreed I'd win New York, I'd win Pennsylvania, I'd win all these places. But Indiana was going to be the firewall. So I got to study Indiana, and I got to study New York and a lot of other places, and I saw how NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has drained our manufacturing jobs, just drained us like we've never been drained before. NAFTA, again, signed by Bill Clinton. NAFTA is the worst economic deal in the history of our country. Manufacturing down in some states 55, 60 percent. It's a horror show, moving to Mexico, moving to other places. I have a friend who's a great builder. What he builds is plants. That's all he does, is build plants. He doesn't build buildings. He doesn't -- he builds plants. It's the biggest in the world, from what I hear. I said, how's business? I was with him the other day. How's business? He goes unbelievable. I said, really, wow, I'm surprised. Why is it unbelievable? Because I think of him as building in this country. He says, Donald, what we're doing in Mexico, you won't believe. I said, what do you mean? He said, we're building plants in Mexico the likes of which we've never seen. I said, what about this country? Not much. Not much. That's the expression. He said exactly that. Not much. I said, but Mexico? He said, you've never seen anything like it. It's incredible. Folks, that's going to stop. We're going to go reverse it. We're going to bring our jobs back to this country. We can't be the stupid people anymore. OK? [applause] And he was better than a pollster. He's better than a consultant. I would say, how are we doing? And you get a big report that costs you millions of dollars. Doesn't cost me millions. Me, I give them $10,000, OK? [laughter] It costs other people millions. It costs other campaigns millions to get a report. Every time they get a report, it's millions. But I'll tell you what, a guy like this is better than anybody you can hire to do a report. And he said it. He didn't say it from the standpoint of he's upset about it. Just fact. How are we doing? Unbelievable in Mexico. In fact, he actually said, I've never, ever seen anything like it. And if you look, Ford is building massive plants there instead of Michigan. We want them to build them in Michigan. They're going to build them in Michigan. And you know that I know how to do that. So easy. So easy. But they're not going to do and they're not going to take advantage of us without retribution. There are consequences when you fire thousands of people and move to another country and then think you're going to you're your product and sell it in here. There are consequences. And those consequences are going to keep companies in our country. It's very simple. And everybody here knows what the consequences are, but I won't say that because I'm much more interested right now in Mike. [laughter] Indiana's unemployment rate -- and this is the primary reason I wanted Mike, other than he looks very good, other than he's got an incredible family, incredible wife and family -- Karen is amazing. [applause] Incredible family. Highly respected. Expected to go for another four years. He would have won, I think, very easily in Indiana. Indiana, their unemployment rate has fallen. When he was there, when he started, 8.4 percent when he was governor, when he took over, to less than 5 percent in May of 2016. Since January 2013, Indiana's labor force has increased by more than 186,000 jobs. You have to understand, I've gone around to all these states. I've gone to all of them. And every time, I have statisticians. I say give me the stats on a state. And it's always bad, down, down, down. Down 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent in some cases. Here's somebody where it's gone up. Private sector job growth is up by more than 147,000 jobs since 2013. That's like very unusual. Governor Pence balanced the budget. Can you imagine a balanced budget? Our budget's so out of whack in this country, we don't know what we're doing. We're going to owe very soon $21 trillion. He balanced the budget. They don't know what that means. Governor Pence balanced the budget, produced a surplus, and maintains a $2 billion reserve fund in the state of Indiana. It's also rated triple-A, their bonds are rated triple-A. Very few states have that. Triple-A. The best. That's as good as you can get, whether you're a company, a state, triple-A. Indiana was recently recognized by Chief Executive Magazine as the number-one state in the Midwest for business. Number one. And it's not even close. There are approximately 34,000 fewer Hoosiers on unemployment insurance now than there were when Mike Pence took office. So you have fewer Hoosiers, fewer people from Indiana. And besides that, Bobby Knight, my friend, who really did help me. I mean, if you want a reference, Bobby Knight in Indiana, we love Bobby Knight. But he agrees with everything I'm saying. He loves the governor. Indiana has the second-lowest unemployment rate in the nation, for veterans, where nobody's fighting for the veterans like I'm fighting for the veterans, the veterans have been left behind. [applause] If you remember a few months ago, Hillary Clinton said the, really -- they're doing much better, the V.A. is much better. They're doing a much better job than people give it credit for. People are dying on line waiting for five, six days for doctors. People are dying on -- they can't even see a doctor. It's a scandal. Take a look at what's happening with the V.A. in Arizona. Take a look at what's happening with -- you know, just the Veterans Administration hospitals. It's a scandal. It's corrupt. It's incompetent. It's a scandal. And Hillary Clinton thought it was just fine. And, boy, am I going to win big with the veterans. I mean, we know that for a fact. [applause] So it's now 2.4 percent for veterans. In 2013, when Mike Pence took office, the rate for veterans was 6.7 percent. It was 31st in the nation, one of the bad ones, and now it's almost the best. Got 'em jobs. Got 'em jobs. Indianapolis is ranked second in top 10 metro areas for young college graduates. That's a great thing. They're going to stay there. That's a great thing. And Mike worked hard on that. He was telling me, that was not easy. Under Governor Pence's leadership, Indiana enacted the largest K-12 education funding increase in the state's history. So you're balancing budgets, and yet you're giving more money to education. Isn't that a great thing? [applause] Indiana has just about the largest school choice program in America. School choice is where it's at, folks. You want to get your schools better, you gotta get rid of Common Core fast. Governor Pence enacted the largest income tax cut in the state's history. Think of that. We're cutting taxes and balancing budgets. And along with corporate tax reform, just about number one in the country. CNBC ranked Indiana first in the nation for its infrastructure. So with all of these cuts and all of these balancing budgets, we're spending more money on education, and the infrastructure is kept up. That had so much -- look, as a builder, nobody in the history of this country has ever known so much about infrastructure as Donald Trump. I build infrastructure. Do I know how to build a wall? Do I know how to build infrastructure? You know, it's very interesting. We're building -- we're building -- I won -- the -- which is pretty amazing with the Obama administration, but I won the right to have the old post office building on Pennsylvania Avenue, right near the White House, and it's an amazing -- probably the best location, one of the most sought after projects in the history of the GSA, General Services. And I really like what's happened. We're going to have an opening very soon. Ivanka and Eric and Don did a fantastic job on it. But I thought the other day, I was going over the numbers, we're under budget and about a year -- actually more than a year  but we're a year ahead of schedule, and we're under budget substantially. And the quality of the work is even better than we originally were going to do. [applause] And when I explained to a government representative that we're under budget and ahead of schedule, they almost fell off, because they've never heard those words before. They've never heard them. So when I see what happened to Indiana, which was having tremendous problems, when I see what happened to Indiana under Mike's work -- also his predecessor did a great job, by the way, great job, who's now at Duke -- who's now at Purdue -- when I see what happened with respect to the numbers, the state, and everything else, that, to me, was probably the single most important point, because it's something that hasn't happened -- almost has not happened in this whole country. The turnaround and the strength of Indiana has been incredible, and I learned that when I campaigned there. And I learned that when I won that state in a landslide. And I learned that when Governor Pence, under tremendous pressure from establishment people, endorsed somebody else, but it was more of an endorsement for me, if you remember. He talked about Trump, then he talked about Ted -- who's a good guy, by the way, who's going to be speaking at the convention, Ted Cruz, good guy -- but he talked about Trump, Ted, then he went back to Trump. I said, who did he endorse? So even though he was under pressure, because I'm so, you know, outside of the establishment, it was the single greatest non-endorsement I've ever had in my life, OK? I will tell you. [applause] So with that, I would like to introduce a man who I truly believe will be outstanding in every way and will be the next vice president of the United States, Governor Mike Pence. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. [applause]
Friends, delegates and fellow Americans: I humbly and gratefully accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace. We will be a country of generosity and warmth. But we will also be a country of law and order.Our Convention occurs at a moment of crisis for our nation. The attacks on our police, and the terrorism in our cities, threaten our very way of life. Any politician who does not grasp this danger is not fit to lead our country.Americans watching this address tonight have seen the recent images of violence in our streets and the chaos in our communities. Many have witnessed this violence personally, some have even been its victims.I have a message for all of you: the crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon  and I mean very soon  come to an end.Beginning on January 20th of 2017, safety will be restored.The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to lead.It is finally time for a straightforward assessment of the state of our nation.I will present the facts plainly and honestly. We cannot afford to be so politically correct anymore.So if you want to hear the corporate spin, the carefully-crafted lies, and the media myths the Democrats are holding their convention next week. Go there.But here, at our convention, there will be no lies. We will honor the American people with the truth, and nothing else.These are the facts:Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now being reversed by this Administration's rollback of criminal enforcement.Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in America's fifty largest cities. That's the largest increase in 25 years. In our nation's capital, killings have risen by 50 percent. They are up nearly 60 percent in nearby Baltimore.In the President's hometown of Chicago, more than 2,000 people have been the victim of shootings this year alone. And almost 4,000 have been killed in the Chicago area since he took office.The number of police officers killed in the line of duty has risen by almost 50 percent compared to this point last year. Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015. They are being released by the tens of thousands into our communities with no regard for the impact on public safety or resources.One such border-crosser was released and made his way to Nebraska. There, he ended the life of an innocent young girl named Sarah Root. She was 21 years-old, and was killed the day after graduating from college with a 4.0 Grade Point Average. Number one in her class. Her killer was then released a second time, and he is now a fugitive from the law.I've met Sarah's beautiful family. But to this Administration, their amazing daughter was just one more American life that wasn't worth protecting. No more. One more child to sacrifice on the order and on the altar of open borders. What about our economy?Again, I will tell you the plain facts that have been edited out of your nightly news and your morning newspaper: Nearly Four in 10 African-American children are living in poverty, while 58% of African American youth are now not employed. 2 million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago. Another 14 million people have left the workforce entirely.Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000. Our trade deficit in goods -- think of this -- our trade deficit reached nearly $800 billion last year alone. We're going to fix that.The budget is no better.President Obama has doubled our national debt to more than $19 trillion, and growing. And yet, what do we have to show for it? Our roads and bridges are falling apart, our airports are Third World condition, and forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.Now let us consider the state of affairs abroad.Not only have our citizens endured domestic disaster, but they have lived through one international humiliation after another. One after another. We all remember the images of our sailors being forced to their knees by their Iranian captors at gunpoint.This was just prior to the signing of the Iran deal, which gave back to Iran $150 billion and gave us absoltely nothing  it will go down in history as one of the worst deals ever negotiated. Another humiliation came when president Obama drew a red line in Syria  and the whole world knew it meant absolutely nothing.In Libya, our consulate  the symbol of American prestige around the globe  was brought down in flames. America is far less safe  and the world is far less stable  than when Obama made the decision to put Hillary Clinton in charge of America's foreign policy.Let's defeat her in November, OK.I am certain it is a decision President Obama truly regrets. Her bad instincts and her bad judgment  something pointed out by Bernie Sanders  are what caused so many of the disasters unfolding today. Let's review the record.In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map.Libya was stable. Egypt was peaceful. Iraq was seeing a big, big reduction in violence. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Syria was somewhat under control.After four years of Hillary Clinton, what do we have? ISIS has spread across the region, and the world. Libya is in ruins, and our Ambassador and his staff were left helpless to die at the hands of savage killers. Egypt was turned over to the radical Muslim brotherhood, forcing the military to retake control. Iraq is in chaos. Iran is on the path to nuclear weapons. Syria is engulfed in a civil war and a refugee crisis now threatens the West. After fifteen years of wars in the Middle East, after trillions of dollars spent and thousands of lives lost, the situation is worse than it has ever been before.This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction, terrorism, and weakness.But Hillary Clinton's legacy does not have to be America's legacy. The problems we face now  poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad  will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them in the first place. A change in leadership is required to produce a change in outcomes. Tonight, I will share with you my plan of action for America.The most important difference between our plan and that of our opponents, is that our plan will put America First. Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo. As long as we are led by politicians who will not put America First, then we can be assured that other nations will not treat America with respect, the respect we deserve. The American People will come first once again. My plan will begin with safety at home  which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders, and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity without law and order. On the economy, I will outline reforms to add millions of new jobs and trillions in new wealth that can be used to rebuild America.A number of these reforms that I will outline tonight will be opposed by some of our nation's most powerful special interests. That is because these interests have rigged our political and economic system for their exclusive benefit. Believe me, it's for their benefit.Big business, elite media and major donors are lining up behind the campaign of my opponent because they know she will keep our rigged system in place. They are throwing money at her because they have total control over every single thing she does. She is their puppet, and they pull the strings.That is why Hillary Clinton's message is that things will never change...never ever. My message is that things have to change  and they have to change right now. Every day I wake up determined to deliver for the people I have met all across this nation that have been neglected, ignored, and abandoned.I have visited the laid-off factory workers, and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. These are the forgotten men and women of our country. And they are forgotten, but they're not going to be forgotten long. People who work hard but no longer have a voice.I am your voice!I have embraced crying mothers who have lost their children because our politicians put their personal agendas before the national good.[disruption in the audience] How great are our police? And how great is Cleveland?I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government incompetence, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens.When innocent people suffer, because our political system lacks the will, or the courage, or the basic decency to enforce our laws  or still worse still, has sold out to some corporate lobbyist for cash  I am not able to look the other way, and I won't look the other way.And when a Secretary of State illegally stores her emails on a private server, deletes 33,000 of them so the authorities can't see her crime, puts our country at risk, lies about it in every different form and faces no consequence  I know that corruption has reached a level like never ever before in our country.When the FBI Director says that the Secretary of State was "extremely careless" and "negligent," in handling our classified secrets, I also know that these terms are minor compared to what she actually did. They were just used to save her from facing justice for her terrible terrible crimes.In fact, her single greatest accomplishment may be committing such an egregious crime and getting away with it  especially when others who have done far less, have paid so dearly. When that same Secretary of State rakes in millions and millions of dollars trading access and favors to special interests and foreign powers, I know the time for action has come.I have joined the political arena so that the powerful can no longer beat up on people that cannot defend themselves. Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it. I have seen firsthand how the system is rigged against our citizens, just like it was rigged against Bernie Sanders  he never had a chance.But his supporters will join our movement, because we will fix his biggest single issue: trade deals that strip us of our jobs, and strip us of our wealth as a country. Millions of Democrats will join our movement because we are going to fix the system so it works justly for each and every American. In this cause, I am proud to have at my side the next Vice President of the United States: Governor Mike Pence of Indiana. And a great guy.We will bring the same economic success to America that Mike brought to Indiana, which is amazing. He is a man of character and accomplishment. He is the man for the job. The first task for our new Administration will be to liberate our citizens from the crime and terrorism and lawlessness that threatens their communities.America was shocked to its core when our police officers in Dallas were so brutally executed. In the days after Dallas, we have seen continued threats and violence against our law enforcement officials. Law officers have been shot or killed in recent days in Georgia, Missouri, Wisconsin, Kansas, Michigan and Tennessee.On Sunday, more police were gunned down in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Three were killed, and three were very very badly injured. An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans. I have a message to every last person threatening the peace on our streets and the safety of our police: when I take the oath of office next year, I will restore law and order to our country. Believe me, believe me. I will work with, and appoint, the best and prosecutors and law enforcement officials to get the job properly done. In this race for the White House, I am the law and order candidate.The irresponsible rhetoric of our President, who has used the pulpit of the presidency to divide us by race and color, has made America a more dangerous environment for everyone than frankly I have ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seen.This Administration has failed America's inner cities. Remember: it has failed America's inner cities. It's failed them on education. It's failed them on jobs. It's failed them on crime. It's failed them at every level.When I am President, I will work to ensure that all of our kids are treated equally, and protected equally.Every action I take, I will ask myself: does this make better for young Americans in Baltimore, in Chicago, in Detroit, in Ferguson who have as much of a right to live out their dreams as any other child America? Any other child.To make life safe in America, we must also address the growing threats we face from outside the country: We are going to defeat the barbarians of ISIS, and we are going to defeat them fast.Once again, France is the victim of brutal Islamic terrorism. Men, women and children viciously mowed down. Lives ruined. Families ripped apart. A nation in mourning.The damage and devastation that can be inflicted by Islamic radicals has been proven over and over  at the World Trade Center, at an office party in San Bernardino, at the Boston Marathon, and a military recruiting center in Chattanooga, Tennessee. And many, many other locations.Only weeks ago, in Orlando, Florida, 49 wonderful Americans were savagely murdered by an Islamic terrorist. This time, the terrorist targeted LGBTQ community  no good and we're going to stop it.As your President, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology  beleive me.And as a Republican, it is so nice to hear you cheering for what I just said. Thank you.To protect us from terrorism, we need to focus on three things.We must have the best intelligence gathering operation in the world. We must abandon the failed policy of nation building and regime change that Hillary Clinton pushed in Iraq, Libya, Egypt and Syria. Instead, we must work with all of our allies who share our goal of destroying ISIS and stamping out Islamic terrorism and doing it now, doing it quickly. We're going to win. We're going to win fast.This includes working with our greatest ally in the region, the State of Israel. Recently I have said that NATO was obsolete, because it did not properly cover terror, and also, that many of the member countries were not paying their fair share. As usual, the United States has been picking up the cost. Shortly thereafter, it was announced that NATO will be setting up a new program in order to combat terrorism -- a true step in the right direction.Lastly, and very importantly, we must immediately suspend immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism until such time as proven vetting mechanisms have been put in place. We don't want them in our country.My opponent has called for a radical 550% increase in Syrian -- Think of this. Think of this. This is not believable, but this is what's happening -- refugees on top of existing massive refugee flows coming into our country under President Obama. She proposes this despite the fact that there's no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from. I only want to admit individuals into our country who will support our values and love our people. Anyone who endorses violence, hatred or oppression is not welcome in our country and never ever will be.Decades of record immigration have produced lower wages and higher unemployment for our citizens, especially for African-American and Latino workers. We are going to have an immigration system that works, but one that works for the American people.On Monday, we heard from three parents whose children were killed by illegal immigrants Mary Ann Mendoza, Sabine Durden, and my friend Jamiel Shaw. They are just three brave representatives of many thousands who have suffered so gravely. Of all my travels in this country, nothing has affected me more deeply than the time I have spent with the mothers and fathers who have lost their children to violence spilling across our border, which we can solve. We have to solve it.These families have no special interests to represent them. There are no demonstrators to protest on their behalf. My opponent will never meet with them, or share in their pain, believe me. Instead, my opponent wants Sanctuary Cities. But where was sanctuary for Kate Steinle? Where was Sanctuary for the children of Mary Ann, and Sabine, and Jamiel? Where was sanctuary for all the other -- oh, it is so sad to even be talking about it because we can fix this problem so quickly -- Americans who have been so brutally murdered, and who have suffered so so horribly?These wounded American families have been alone. But they are alone no longer. Tonight, this candidate and the whole nation stand in their corner to support them, to send them our love, and to pledge in their honor that we will save countless more families from suffering and the same awful fate.We are going to build a great border wall to stop illegal immigration, to stop the gangs and the violence, and to stop the drugs from pouring into our communities. I have been honored to receive the endorsement of America's Border Patrol Agents, and will work directly with them to protect the integrity of our lawful, lawful, lawful immigration system. Lawful.By ending catch-and-release on the border, we will stop the cycle of human smuggling and violence. Illegal border crossings will go down. We will stop it. It won't be happening very much anymore. Believe me. Peace will be restored. By enforcing the rules for the millions who overstay their visas, our laws will finally receive the respect they deserve.Tonight, I want every American whose demands for immigration security have been denied  and every politician who has denied them  to listen very very closely to the words I am about to say.On January 20th of 2017, the day I take the oath of office, Americans will finally wake up in a country where the laws of the United States are enforced. We are going to be considerate and compassionate to everyone.But my greatest compassion will be for our own struggling citizens. U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!My plan is the exact opposite of the radical and dangerous immigration policy of Hillary Clinton. Americans want relief from uncontrolled immigration. Communities want relief.Yet Hillary Clinton is proposing mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness. Her plan will overwhelm your schools and hospitals, further reduce your jobs and wages, and make it harder for recent immigrants to escape the tremendous cycle of poverty that they're going through right now and make it almost impossible to join the middle class.I have a different vision for our workers. It begins with a new, fair trade policy that protects our jobs and stands up to countries that cheat, of which there are many. It's been a signature message of my campaign from day one, and it will be a signature feature of my presidency from the moment I take the oath of office.I have made billions of dollars in business making deals  now I'm going to make our country rich again. Using the richest people in the world, which our country has, I am going to turn our bad trade agreements into great trade agreements. America has lost nearly-one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.Remember, it was Bill Clinton who signed NAFTA, one of the worst economic deals ever made by our country -- or, frankly, any other country.Never, ever again.I am going to bring our jobs back to Ohio and Pennsylvania and New York and Michigan and all of America  and I am not going to let companies move to other countries, firing their employees along the way, without consequences. Not going to happen anymore.My opponent, on the other hand, has supported virtually every trade agreement that has been destroying our middle class. She supported NAFTA, and she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization  another one of her husband's colossal mistakes and disasters.She supported the job killing trade deal with South Korea. She has supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The TPP will not only destroy our manufacturing, but it will make America subject to the rulings of foreign governments. And it's not going to happen. I pledge to never sign any trade agreement that hurts our workers, or that diminishes our freedom and independence. I will never, ever sign bad trade deals. America fist, again! America first! Instead, I will make individual deals with individual countries.No longer will we enter into these massive transactions, with many countries, that are thousands of pages long  and which no one from our country even reads or understands. We are going to enforce all trade violations against any country including through the use of taxes and tariffs, against any country that cheats.This includes stopping China's outrageous theft of intellectual property, along with their illegal product dumping, and their devastating currency manipulation. They are the greatest that ever came about; they are the greatest currency manipulators ever! Our horrible trade agreements with China and many others, will be totally renegotiated. That includes renegotiating NAFTA to get a much better deal for America  and we'll walk away if we don't get the deal that we want. We are going to start building and making things again.Next comes the reform of our tax laws, regulations and energy rules. While Hillary Clinton plans a massive -- and I mean massive -- tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has declared for the presidential race this year  Democrat or Republican. Middle-income Americans and businesses will experience profound relief, and taxes will be greatly simplified for everyone, and I mean everyone.America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world. Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into our country. Believe me, it will happen, and it will happen fast. Then we are going to deal with the issue of regulation, one of the greatest job-killers of them all. Excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $2 trillion a year, and we will end it very very quickly. We are going to lift the restrictions on the production of American energy. This will produce more than $20 trillion in job creating economic activity over the next four decades.My opponent, on the other hand, wants to put the great miners and steel workers of our country out of work and out of business  that will never happen with Donald Trump as President. Our steelworkers and our miners are going back to work again. With these new economic policies, trillions of dollars will start flowing into our country.This new wealth will improve the quality of life for all Americans  We will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, and the railways of tomorrow. This, in turn, will create millions more jobs. We will rescue kids from failing schools by helping their parents send them to a safe school of their choice.My opponent would rather protect bureaucrats than serve American children. And that's what she's doing, and that's what she's done. We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare. You will be able to choose your own doctor again. And we will fix TSA at the airports which is a total disaster! Thank you. Thank you.We are going to work with all of our students who are drowning in debt to take the pressure off these young people just starting out their adult lives.We will completely rebuild our depleted military, and the countries that we protect, at a massive loss, will be asked to pay their fair share.We will take care of our great veterans like they have never been taken care of before. My just-released Ten Point Plan has received tremendous veteran support. We will guarantee those who serve this country will be able to visit the doctor or hospital of their choice without waiting five days in line and dying.My opponent dismissed the VA scandal as being not widespread  one more sign of how out of touch she really is. We are going to ask every Department Head in government to provide a list of wasteful spending projects that we can eliminate in my first 100 days. The politicians have talked about it, I'm going to do it.We are also going to appoint justices to the United States Supreme Court who will uphold our laws and our Constitution.The replacement for our beloved Justice Scalia will be a person of similar views and judicial philosophies. Very important. This will be one of the most important issues decided by this election. My opponent wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment. I, on the other hand, received the early and strong endorsement of the National Rifle Association and will protect the right of all Americans to keep their families safe.At this moment, I would like to thank the evangelical and religious community because I'll tell you what, the support they have given me, and I'm not sure I totally deserve it has been so amazing and has had such a big reason for me being here tonight. So true. They have so much to contribute to our politics, yet our laws prevent you from speaking your minds from your own pulpits. An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson, many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views. Their voice has been taken away.I am going to work very hard to repeal that language and protect free speech for all Americans. We can accomplish these great things, and so much else  all we need to do is start believing in ourselves and in our country again. Start believing. It is time to show the whole world that America Is Back  bigger, and better and stronger than ever before.In this journey, I'm so lucky to have at my side my wife Melania and my wonderful children, Don, Ivanka, Eric, Tiffany, and Barron: you will always be my greatest source of pride and joy. And by the way, Melania and Ivanka -- did they do a job? My Dad, Fred Trump, was the smartest and hardest working man I ever knew. I wonder sometimes what he'd say if he were here to see this and to see me tonight.It's because of him that I learned, from my youngest age, to respect the dignity of work and the dignity of working people. He was a guy most comfortable in the company of bricklayers, carpenters, and electricians and I have a lot of that in me also. I love those people.Then there's my mother, Mary. She was strong, but also warm and fair-minded. She was a truly great mother. She was also one of the most honest and charitable people I have ever known, and a great judge of character. She could pick 'em out from anywhere.To my sisters Mary Anne and Elizabeth, my brother Robert and my late brother Fred, I will always give you my love you are most special to me. I have loved my life in business.But now, my sole and exclusive mission is to go to work for our country  to go to work for all of you. It's time to deliver a victory for the American people. We don't win anymore, but we are going to start winning again. But to do that, we must break free from the petty politics of the past.America is a nation of believers, dreamers, and strivers that is being led by a group of censors, critics, and cynics.Remember: All of the people telling you that you can't have the country you want, are the same people that wouldn't stand -- I mean, they said Trump doesn't have a chance of being here tonight. Not a chance! The same people. Oh, we love defeating those people, don't we? Love it, love it, love it. No longer can we rely on those same people in politics and in the media, who will say anything to keep a rigged system in place. Instead, we must choose to Believe In America. History is watching us now.It's waiting to see if we will rise to the occasion, and if we will show the whole world that America is still free and independent and strong. I'm asking for your support tonight so that I can be your champion in the White House.My opponent asks her supporters to recite a three-word loyalty pledge. It reads: "I'm With Her". I choose to recite a different pledge.My pledge reads: "I'M WITH YOU  THE AMERICAN PEOPLE."I am your voice.So to every parent who dreams for their child, and every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: I'm With You, and I will fight for you, and I will win for you.To all Americans tonight, in all our cities and towns, I make this promise:We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.God bless you, and good night! I love you!
Donald Trump. So, it's been 235 days since crooked Hillary Clinton has had a press conference. And you, as reporters who give her all of these glowing reports, should ask yourselves why. And I'll tell you why. Because despite the nice platitudes, she's been a mess.You look at what's happened with ISIS, which isn't even mentioned. You look at what's happening with law and order, they don't even mention our police. They mention everybody but our police. They don't have an American flag on the dais until we started complaining and then they ran up with two very small little flags, one that we saw.So you know, I put myself through your news conferences often, not that its fun. 235 days, no news conference for Hillary Clinton. You oughta check it out because there's a lot going on.Her great disloyalty to the person that rigged the system for her, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she totally rigged it. Bernie Sanders never had a chance.And total disloyalty, it's like you're fired, get out, fast. The e-mail situation I call it the double e-mail situation, both very serious. What was said in the last ones to the DNC was horrible, absolutely horrible.If I would've used language like they used about religion, about race, about everything else that they discuss in those e-mails I would've had to run and hide and probably drop out of the race.With her, everything's just fine. So just ask yourself why she doesn't have news conferences. And honestly, the reason is because there's no way she can answer questions because the job she has done is so bad.When they talk about change, I noticed they have change. She's been there for 30 years. Thirty years. There's no change. It's going to be the same, it's going to be an extension of Obama. In my opinion, worse.She lied about TPP. She was for TPP, she saw me on television knocking the hell out of it because it's a horror show, it's going to kill all our jobs, it's going to be almost as bad as NAFTA, maybe worse which her husband signed, by the way, which destroyed this country, destroyed manufacturing in the United States.And I'll do something about it, that'll be so renegotiated. And by the way, yesterday for the first time she said she wants to renegotiate trade agreements. First time, yesterday. Well, because of me.She also saw me talking about TPP and currency manipulation and currency devaluation. And she heard it and she said wow, she can't win that subject in a debate.So all of a sudden she goes and she goes against TPP, her vice president is one of the biggest proponents of TPP and now he's going against it. And Bernie Sanders was right, he was against it.They will go for TPP and vote it in very shortly after the election if she wins, which for the sake of our country we all hope and I hope that she doesn't. They will vote it injust mark my words, hopefully we don't have to worry about itbut she will vote.She'll change a comma, she'll change a paragraph of the 6,000 page document that nobody's even read on our side. Just so you understand, the other countries know every word, every paragraph, every sentence, every single comma and period.We don't even read it, our country. Because we're led by stupid people. so she saw me talking about TPP, she realized that she couldn't defend it, her special interests are pushing her hard because she's bought and sold by the special interests.They're pushing her very hard and so she said she's against it. The day she gets inwhich hopefully will never happenshe will approve or shortly thereafter TPP. And that will be another disaster for job in our country, OK?So why don't we start off any questions? Yes, sir?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. It's just a total deflection, this whole thing with Russia. In fact, I saw her campaign manager I don't know his title, Mook. I saw him on television and they asked him about Russia and the hacking.By the way, they hackedthey probably have her 33,000 e-mails. I hope they do. They probably have her 33,000 e-mails that she lost and deleted because you'd see some beauties there. So let's see.But I watched this guy Mook and he talked about we think it was Russia that hacked. Now, first of all was what was said on those that's so bad but he said I watched it. I think he was live. But he said we think it was Russia that hacked.And then he saidand this is in person sitting and watching television as I've been doingand then he said could be Trump, yeah, yeah. Trump, Trump, oh yeah, Trump. He reminded me of John Lovitz for "Saturday Night Live" in the liar where he'd go yes, yes, I went to Harvard, Harvard, yes, yes. This is the guy, you have to see it. Yes, it could be Trump, yes, yes. So it is so farfetched. It's so ridiculous. Honestly I wish I had that power. I'd love to have that power but Russia has no respect for our country.And that's whyif it is Russia, nobody even knows this, it's probably China, or it could be somebody sitting in his bed. But it shows how weak we are, it shows how disrespected we are. Totalassuming it's Russia or China or one of the major countries and competitors, it's a total sign of disrespect for our country. Putin and the leaders throughout the world have no respect for our country anymore and they certainly have no respect for our leader. So I know nothing about it. It's one of the most farfetched I've ever heard. Yes, Jon?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius. I said thank you very much to the newspaper and that was the end of it. I never met Putin.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I would treat Vladimir Putin firmly but there's nothing that I can think of that I'd rather do than have Russia friendly as opposed to the way they are right now so that we can go and knock out ISIS together with other people and with other countries. Wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along with people, wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along, as an example, with Russia? I'm all for it and let's go get ISIS because we have to get ISIS and we have to get them fast.You saw what happened with the priest, it's only going to get worse. And Hillary Clinton wants to allow 550 percent more people from that region into our country and we have no idea who they are, where they come from, where their documentation is, it's only going to get worse and it's going to start getting bad in our country. We're letting people come in by the tens of thousands. You see what happened to the French priest. A friend of mine, he said he was going to France, like three, four months ago. I saw him yesterday. I said how'd you like France. He said I wouldn't go to France. I wouldn't go to France. Because France is no longer France. France is no longer France. They won't like me for saying that but you see what happened in Nice, you see what happened yesterday with the priest who was supposed to be a spectacular man. France is no longer France and this world better be very careful and they better get very tough and very smart and they'll never do it with Hillary Clinton.And by the way, in terms of change, she's been there for 30 years. She's been doing this for 30 years. What she's going to go all of sudden things are going to change? She's bought and sold 100 percent by special interests and lobbyists. Yes, Tom?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. None, none.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Because it's under order. And I'll release them when the audits completed. Nobody would release when it's underI've had audits for 15 or 16 years. Every year I have a routine audit. I'm under audit, when the audits complete I'll release them. But zero, I mean I will tell you right now, zero, I have nothing to do with Russia, yes?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I don't know, I don't know. It depends on the audit. It depends on the audit, not a big deal. By the way, just so you understand, I've released my papers, 104 pages of documents. I built an unbelievable company, tremendous cash, tremendous company with some of the great assets of the world. You've seen it. You were all very disappointed when you saw it actually but that's OK. Far, far great than anybody ever thought. I have a great company. I built an unbelievable company but if you look there you'll see there's nothing in Russia.And as far as the tax returns, as soon as the audits complete, like any lawyer would tell you, Greta Van Susteren she was going over it a while ago, she's a lawyer. She said well no lawyer would let somebody release a tax return when they're under audit. It's a routine audit. I've gone through audits, which I think is very unfair, for 15 years. I have friends that are very rich and never get audited. I'm audited every year. Maybe that's because of politics, who knows.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I'm not going to tell Putin what to do. Why should I tell Putin what to do? He already did something today where he said don't blame them, essentially, for your incompetence. Let me tell you, it's not even about Russia or China or whoever it is that's doing the hacking. It was about the things that were said in those e-mails. They were terrible things, talking about Jewish, talking about race, talking about atheist, trying to pin labels on peoplewhat was said was a disgrace, and it was Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and believe me, as sure as you're sitting there, Hillary Clinton knew about it. She knew everything.Debbie Wasserman Schultz could not breathe without speaking and getting approval from Hillary Clinton. Couldn't breathe. And you saw that. It also showed that it was a fixed race, but I've been saying that long before I saw the e-mails. It was a rigged race. It was totally rigged. And Debbie Wasserman Schultz rigged it for Hillary Clinton, and the sad part is, Bernie Sanders has, to use an old word that I use on occasion, he's lost his energy. He wants to go home and go to sleep. But he's got a lot of people that walked out last night. Now, hundreds of people walked out of the Democrat Convention last night. I didn't even hear about it. Nobody showed it. I didn't see it on television. You people don't talk about it.The Republican Convention was incredible. I hear I had one of the biggest bounces in decades. Like, some people are saying nine points. In fact, a poll just came out ten minutes ago, "Los Angeles Times", Trump 47, Clinton 40. And the reason is that people are sick and tired of Hillary Clinton.Question. [inaudible] Putin say stay out? Why not say that?Donald Trump. Why do I have to get involved with Putin? I have nothing to do with Putin. I've never spoken to him. I don't know anything about him other than he will respect me. He doesn't respect our president. And if it is Russiawhich it's probably not, nobody knows who it isbut if it is Russia, it's really bad for a different reason, because it shows how little respect they have for our country, when they would hack into a major party and get everything. But it would be interesting to seeI will tell you thisRussia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 e-mails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let's see if that happens. That'll be next. Yes, sir...Question. [inaudible] this audience and make our campaignwhat exactly do you believe should happen to minimum wage in this country [inaudible]?OK. Sure. Two big questions. The minimum wage has to go up. People areat least $10, but it has to go up. But I think that statesfederalI think that states should really call the shot. As an example, I live in New York. It's very expensive in New York. You can't buy a hot dog for the money you're talking about. You go to other states and it's not expensive at all. Now what it does is puts New York at a disadvantage if the minimum wage is up, companies move out and things, bad things happen. At the same time, people have to be taken care of. But what I'm really going to do on the minimum wagebut it has to go up.Now, Bernie Sanders lied. Bernie Sanders said in his speech the other day that Donald Trump wants the minimum wage to go below $7. I said, where did he come up with that one? That one is just like Joe Biden lied today. He said that Donald Trump wants to carpet bombhe was on televisionhe said, Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb the enemy in the Middle East. Now, that was Ted Cruz that said that. That was not Donald Trump. I mean, he's not a very bright guy, but that was Ted Cruz that said it. And he said it with such suretyDonald Trump wants to carpet bombI never said I wanted to carpet bomb. That was Ted Cruz. You remember Ted Cruz said it? You will confirm that, I think. Go ahead.So I would like to raise it to at least $10, and what I'm going to do is I'm going to bring jobs back to this country so that people can start working again so that the $10 and the $15 and the numbers you're talking about are going toliterally, they're going to be peanuts compared to what people can make in the country, because I'm going to bring jobs back from Mexico, which is booming, booming. I have a friend who builds plants and he's a great builder of plants and I was with him the other daygreat guy. He builds massive plants, for automobiles, for computers, for anything. That's what he does. I think he's the biggest, but certainly one of the biggest.And I said, how's it going? He said, unbelievable. Oh good, that's good news. The country's doing well. No, the country's not doing well, but Mexico is unbelievable. The plants I'm building in Mexico, I've never seen anythingit's the eighth wonder of the world. And he's not happy. He's an American guy. He'd rather build them here. But he said it's unbelievable. That's what's happened to our country. Because we have leadership that doesn't know what they're doing.Question. [inaudible] special extreme vetting?Donald Trump. Yes we're going to be listing; yeah we're going to be giving a list of those territories. And if you come from those territories we have extreme vetting. And we're going to have extreme vetting anyway. Look we have people coming into this country who have very evil intentions. And we have people whether in San Bernardino or whether it's the World Trade Center or whether it's a lot of other things, and you look all over the world and you see what's happening.You look at Orlando, how bad was that? And that was horrible. That was going after the gay community it looks like. We can't let this happen. We cannot let this happen. We cannot let people come in.Now Hillary Clinton likes to up it. Her running mate Tim Kaine, who by the way did a terrible job in New Jersey. First act he did in New Jersey was ask for a $4 billion tax increase and he's not very popular in New Jersey. And he still isn't. What?I mean Virginia. The first thing he did, the first thing that Tim Kaine did, he asked for a $4 billion tax increase. And he's not very popular. So let me just tell you, and I went all over Virginia and I was there the other day. And I thought he'd be popular. He's not popular because he asked for tax increases. Big tax increases in Virginia. Big. And also the unemployment went up, I think it doubled or close to doubled during his tenure.But what he wanted to do is very strongly and he's on record, he wanted to have even more of the people from that region of the world come in than Hillary Clinton wants. And it's unacceptable. OK. Yes? [inaudible]Question. Shortly ago prosecutors in Baltimore announced they were dropping all the charges...Donald Trump. I saw that.Question. Against police involved in the Freddie Gray case.Donald Trump. Right.Question. Your reaction [inaudible]?Donald Trump. I do have a reaction to the prosecutor in Baltimore who indicted those police officers, I do. I think she ought to prosecute herself OK? That's my reaction. I think it was disgraceful what she did and the way she did it. And the news conference that she had where they were guilty before anybody even knew the facts.And I give a lot of respect and a lot of credit to those police officers who probably could have made a deal. I give a lot of respect, a lot of credit that they stuck it out. And you had victory after victory after victory. And she had no chance, don't forget she prosecuted the best case, what she thought was her best cases first. She should prosecute herself. She should be held accountable.Question. [inaudible] to Americans who feel like this was kind of a railroad case. Freddie Gray is now a cause celebre.Donald Trump. Well, that was a bad case to prove it. That was a bad case. I mean if you're going to do that, it's OK because you have to, you know, there are times when police officers behave very badly. But you have to get the right time. This was not one of those times. And I think that she is a disgrace to the world of prosecutors for what she did. Yes ma'am?Question. So as you've gotten to know Governor Pence what surprises you most about him...Donald Trump. Yeah.Question. And [inaudible]...Donald Trump. I have a great relationship with Governor Pence. We spent the last three days together. He was absolutely my first choice and I never wavered despite the press. The press was saying, and it was interesting, I spoke to him at 11:05, him and his wife, and I told him that I was going to be choosing them if I'd be lucky enough for him to accept. And he accepted. And that was it. For me that was it.But right around that time you had the attack in Nice. And I was going to have a news conference either the following morning or the next day. And of course I had to delay the news conference because there was attack, a horrible attack, horrible. In France. And I delayed the news conference and everyone said, oh he's having second thoughts. I never had a second thought in my life. It was such a lie. I mean so many lies in the press. But it was such a lie. And he has been so great. Honestly he's been even better than I thought OK? Better.Question. Do you think the Geneva Convention are out of date?Donald Trump. I think everything's is out of date. We have a whole new world. When I said that NATO, to Wolf Blitzer, is obsolete, I got attacked. Three days later people that study NATO said you know Trump is right. You know what? We have a lot of things that are out date because they're 20 and 30 and 40 years old.NATO, you know this isn't a country from 40 years ago. Today we have a different threat. We have a terror threat. And we have an ISIS threat. And by the way, ISIS isn't even mentioned. It's not even mentioned during the Democratic Convention. And everyone's talking about it. The reason they can't mention it is because they grew it.Go ahead.Question. What would you renegotiate: the enhanced interrogation aspect of it? The...Donald Trump. I wouldKaty, I would renegotiate so much of everything. I'm going to renegotiate our trade deals where we're losing with everybody, Katy. I'm going to renegotiate our military deals where we're protecting countries and they're not living up to the bargain. They're not living up to the bargain. And everyone agrees with me, except for the media.And the media never says that. I like NATO, just so you understand. I like NATO. I like the concept of NATO. It is somewhat outdated because it doesn't cover terror the way it should. I've been saying this for six months now. A couple of months ago, front page, Wall Street Journal, "We are going to cover terror," they announced somebody.I think NATO's great. But it's got to be modernized. Andand countries that we're protecting have to pay what they're supposed to be paying.Question. On the Geneva Convention [inaudible].Donald Trump. Yes?Question. Do you think that they should allow for that, given the [inaudible]?Donald Trump. I am a person that believes in enhanced interrogation, yes.And by the way, it works.Question. [inaudible] will you defend the Baltic states if they're invaded by Russia? According to...Donald Trump. I'll tell you what. Let me say it once again. Let me say it once again. OK? Many countries, including the NATO countries, some of which I think you have five that are current that have paid what they owe. And they can afford to pay this. It's not like they can't afford it.They just see us as a soft touch. You know, in business we say somebody's a soft touch. I don't know if I've been called a soft touch, but maybe I have sometimes. But in business, they call them a soft touch. They haven't paid us. OK? I want them to pay.Excuse me. I'm not saying anything. I don't talk. I'm not like Obama where he tells you everything he's going to dowe're going to go and do this; we're going to go and do that. I don't talk. But they're going to pay.No, noyeah, it sends a signal. You know what signal it says? It says we're going to pay.You know, somebody said, "but we have treaties." I said that's right. And in the treaties, they're supposed to pay. They're going to pay. And they will pay. They will pay.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Yes?Question. [inaudible] how are you planning to [inaudible]?Donald Trump. We're going to have a whole policy on that over the next three weeks. I'm going to be doing a big thing on that.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Well, I've been doing very well with the Hispanic community. I mean, really well. I mean, thethe poll numbers are going up very high. I think we had one recently 35 or 36. But I'm going to have a wholewe're going to have a news conference on that over the next three weeks.So, and I want to just tell you because these polls cover it, so L.A. Times, 47-40; CNN, way up. They're all way up. Biggestthey say the biggest bounce in memory. Because today I heard a dishonest guy on television say, "Well, Trump didn't get much of a bounce." So, you know, I have to at least say.Jeremy, go ahead.Question. [inaudible] do you believe that Vladimir Putin would rather deal with President Trump or President Clinton?Donald Trump. I don't think he respects Clinton. I don't think Putin has any respect whatsoever for Clinton. I think he does respect me. And I hope I get along great with him. It's possible that we won't, Jeremy. I hope that we get along great with Putin because it would be great to have Russia with a good relationship.Right now, we don't have a good relationship. Putin has said things over the last year that are really bad things. OK? He mentioned the "N" word one time. I was shocked to hear him mention the "N" word. You know what the "N" word is, right? He mentioned it. I was shocked.He has a total lack of respect for President Obama. Number one, he doesn't like him. And number two, he doesn't respect him. I think he's going to respect your president if I'm elected. And I hope he likes me.Yes? Yes, sir?Question. [inaudible] relations?Donald Trump. Yes, sir.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. But let me finish with Jeremy. Go ahead.Question. Would a President Trump be better for U.S.-Russia relations than [inaudible]?Donald Trump. President Trump would be so much better for U.S.-Russian relations. You can't be worse. Hey look, when I was a young men studying history and studying all of these things that I've always found fascinating, one thing that I've always heard is you never want to do anything to unite Russia and China. Well, they're united now, in a true sense. They've never been closer.They're selling oil to China. We forced them into this position.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. No, wait a minute.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. No, I'm not going to be an adversary. No, not at all. I have tenants from China. I have the biggest bank in the world from China paying me rent. I mean, I have great relationships with China. I'm not blaming China for getting away with murder. I'm blaming our leadership is incompetent. We don't know what we're doing.I don't blameI respect China. Hey, if China can get away with trade deficits every year of hundreds of billions of dollarsif they can get away with that, my hat's off to them.I have no problem with China. I have a problem with our incompetent leadership allowing that to happen. And I believe that Hillary Clinton is even more bought and paid for than Barack Obama. I think it will get worse.It's going to be four more years of Obama which is unacceptable to a lot of people, you see that. But I believe that Hillary Clinton will be worse, than Obama.Yes?Question. [off-mike] you mentioned that you wanted to make college education more affordable.Donald Trump. That's right.Question. Working on a plan...Donald Trump. That's right, I'm going to be doing something over the next four weeks, very much so.Question. Are you prepared to give us any sort of...Donald Trump. No, I'm prepared to say we're gonna have a great plan. One of the things I think because I've traveled all over the country and I'm goingyou know where I'm going, I guess you all know, I don't have to say.But I'm going to Toledo and I'm going to different places today and I've met so many people. This is such a great country, these are such great people. one of the saddest things I see are college students that work so hard, that go to colleges, good colleges, they're good students, they do a great job.Number one, they get out, they have no jobs. Because our jobs are going to Mexico, they're going to China, they're going to Japan, they're going all over the place. They're not coming here. Just like my friend who builds the plants but he doesn't build them here, much.And the saddest thing I see is these students are leveraged debt up to theirup to their neck. They can't breathe, they're scared, they're so scared they have leveraged their entire life. They have loans.And I have to tell you, the colleges are viewing the students as just a con to it. Because the students get government money, passes through but the number gets higher and higher.Because college costs are out of control, because the colleges say what difference does it make? If you take a look at the salaries being paid, you take a look at what's going on with the colleges.Because all of this is a pass through and the students are a con to it. So the colleges are costing so much money. We are going to help the students. Maybe that doesn't fit beautifully within the Republican framework.But I told this during various times to lots of different people and nobody has a problem with it. We have to help our students. Our students are under tremendous pressure to a point where it's making them sick.Our students are under tremendous pressure, we have to help our students. And I'm going to have a plan over the next four weeks.[crosstalk]Question. [off-mike] talking about possibly...Donald Trump. Everything's on the table, you'll see. Everythingit's a very importantit's a very important subject.Yes, ma'am?Question. Mr. Trump, [off-mike].Donald Trump. I think my message is resonating because they have confidence on me at the border, if they don't want people pouring into our country. Likewise, they have confidence with me on ISIS, not only in terms of getting rid of them but also in terms of keeping them out of our country because I will not have people come into our country who want to do damage to our people.I think they have a lot of confidence in terms of my bringing back jobs because I see Carrier and I see Ford and I see all of these companies leaving and going to Mexico like there's nothing to it. And then they make their product, they sell it back to the United States, no tax, no nothing, we get nothing except unemployment.And I think people see that. I can tell you I mean I'm like a pollster myself when I'm in front of these massive audiences, one of the things that gets constantlyyou people know because you're therethe biggest applause is a repeal and replacement of Obamacare.Because Obamacare is a disaster. In Texas, going through BlueCross/BlueShield they just announced a 60 percent increase. On November 1st, you're going to have new numbers come out for Obamacare, having to do with increases. President Obama is trying to get it moved to December. Because it is election-defying. It is going to be a massive number, the biggest number ever in our country's history for health care. It's going to be announced on November 1st.I just asked the press, don't let him do that. Obamacare is a disaster, people are dying with it. It's a disaster and everybody knows and it's going to fold, anyway.In '17 unfortunatelyif I'm presidentI mean I've got to take over this mess. It's going to fold, anyway. But repeal and replace Obamacare, people like it.They like the fact that I'm going to protect the Second Amendment, they like the fact that I'm going to rebuild our military which is very depleted. Those are the things that are resonating.And they don't feel Hillary Clinton can do it.John, go ahead, John.Question. [off-mike] Russia has no business in youthat you don't have any...Donald Trump. No, I have nothing to do with Russia, John. How many times do I have say that? Are you a smart man? I have nothing to with Russia, I have nothing to do with Russia.And evenfor anything. What do I have to do with Russia? You know the closest I came to Russia, I bought a house a number of years ago in Palm Beach, Florida.Palm Beach is a very expensive place. There was a man who went bankrupt and I bought the house for $40 million and I sold it to a Russian for $100 million including brokerage commissions. So I sold it. So I bought it for 40, I told it for 100 to a Russian. That was a number of years ago. I guess probably I sell condos to Russians, OK?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Of course I can. I told you, other than normal stuffI buy a house if I sold it to a Russian. I have nothing to do with Russia. I said that Putin has much better leadership qualities than Obama, but who doesn't know that?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Of course not. I own the Trump organization. Zero, zero. Go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I am.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I did.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. I did. Because I would love to see a woman become president of the United States. But she would be so wrong. And even women say that. Women don't like her. She would be so wrong. Look, Hillary Clinton is a disaster. She's been a disaster. And even the story told by her husband last night, he left out the most interesting chapter. I won't get into that.The chapter that I really waited for, because it was pretty boring, the chapter that I waited for, I never heard. And he left it out. Look, Hillary Clinton's a disaster. I'd love to see a woman become president and it'll happen, absolutely. But I think it would be bad for women if it were Hillary Clinton. Yes ma'am?Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes, I do.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. But I have spoken to about many times and I speak about it all the time and the police have to be very careful, they have to be very, very well trained. I speak about it all the time, in fact I mentioned the most recent death, excuse me, I mentioned the most recent deaths in Louisiana and in Minnesota. I speak about it all the time. It's a real problem because if the police do 100,000 great jobs and they have one, either a rogue policeman or a cop who was poorly trained or did a bad job, you see that incident on television for weeks. It's a real problem.You don't see the good work that they do but if they make one mistake out of 100,000, out of more than that, it's on television night after night after night. The police in this country do an amazing job but likewise I agree and I do mention that all the time. Yes, ma'am, go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Oh, go ahead, go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. No, but they seem to be, if it's Russians. I have no idea. It's probably not Russia. Nobody knows if it's Russia. You know the sad thing is? That with the technology and the genius we have in this country, not in government unfortunately, but with the genius we have in government, we don't even know who took the Democratic National Committee e-mails. We don't even know who it is.I heard this morning, one report said they don't think it's Russia, they think it might be China. Another report said it might be just a hacker, some guy with a 200 I.Q. that can't get up in the morning, OK? Nobody knows. Honestly they have no idea if it's Russia. Might be Russia. But if it's any foreign country, it shows how little respect they have for the United States. Yes, ma'am.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Well, and the biggest thing is number one we have to stop by keeping people out because these people, they've got something bad going on up there. That's something really bad going on. And then people in terms of Islam and radical Islamic terrorism, a term that our president refuses to use, I can't he's still not using it. He's still not using it. And she doesn't want to use it other than I forced her into maybe using it. She said she will use it but so far she didn't.She'll probably use it tonight. Like the American flags, as soon as we put out a thing they ran a couple of American flags up in the stage, it was a disgrace. You had a room with a massive stage without flags. I think thisI think that the people in the community know what's going on. Whether it's in a mosque or whether it's in the community and they have to report these people. When you look at San Bernardino, people knewmany people knew what was going on. They had bombs lying all over the floor. They had bombs on the floor. I mean, this isn'tyou walk into somebody's house, there are bombs lying on the floorI think there's a problem there. You got to report it.And by the way, David Hinckley should not have been freed, OK? David Hinckley was just releasedJohn HinckleyI think that John Hinckleyexcuse me, John Hinckley, should not have been freed. I just heard about it.[crosstalk]Question. Do you have any pause about asking a foreign governmentRussia, China, anybodyto interfere, to hack into the system of anybody's in this country...Donald Trump. That's up to the President. Let the President talk to them. Look, here's the problem. Here's the problem, Katy. Katy, here's the problem, very simple. He has no respect...Question. [inaudible] 30,000 e-mails...Donald Trump. Well, they probably have them. I'd like to have them released.Question. Does that not give you pause?Donald Trump. No, it gives me no pause. If they have them, they have them. We might as wellhey, you know what gives me more pause? That a person in our government, crooked Hillary Clintonhere's what gives me pause. Be quiet. I know you want to save her. That a person in our government, Katy, would delete or get rid of 33,000 e- mails. That gives me a big problem. After she gets a subpoena! She gets subpoenaed, and she gets rid of 33,000 e-mails? That gives me a problem. Now, if Russia or China or any other country has those e-mails, I mean, to be honest with you, I'd love to see them.[crosstalk]Question. A question about Mike Pence, because "The New York Times" reported that [inaudible] conversation with John Kasich's campaign, [inaudible] says, you can be the most powerful [inaudible]...Donald Trump. That's the most ridiculous conversation. He never had theDon Jr. told melet me just tell you. Let me save you a lot of boredom.Question. [inaudible] Mike Pence's role as vice president if you are elected?Donald Trump. Mike Pence will play a big role, but I just want to tell you about John Kasich. I never spoke to him about being vice president. We don't have good chemistry together. I have never spoken to him about being vice president. I would never pick him to be vice president. There was never a conversation, and he has a habit of doing things like this where he says things that may be a little bit shaky. He never spokeDon Jr. would neverand that was so long ago, I didn't even know I was going to get the nomination at that point. Just so you understand, I would not have picked John Kasich, wouldn't be the right guy. I mean, for that to have gotten out, that was so ridiculous. And then, I was going to put him in charge of national and worldwide policy. So what's left for the president? I think you know me better than that. That was put out by him. He's a nice man, John Kasich, he's fine. He's fine. I would never have chosen him.Now, I did speak to various people and I actually got acceptances from many people. There are some people that called me that very much wanted to be vice president, but I picked a man that I have a lot of respect for and Mike Pence is doing a great job.Let me just explainI never asked John Kasich to be vice president, nor would I. And by the way, I'm leading in Ohio by three points.Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. It probably has. It probably has. Our government is so weak on this stuff. It probably has. Possible. I mean, I have a lot of checks and balance. I have a good system, I guess. I'm not an e- mail person, myself. I don't believe in it, because I think it can be hacked, for one thing. But when I send an e-mail, I mean, if I send one, I send one almost never. I'm just not a believer in e-mail. A lot of people have taught me that, including Hillary. But honestly, it could be, maybe it's hacked. Who knows?Question. [inaudible] broken the rules in traditional American politics many times. [inaudible] while the other person...Donald Trump. Yes, but my message wasn't dark. My message was optimistic, because we're going to fix the problems. Go ahead.Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. OK.Question. You've broken that tradition, you've run a very aggressive campaign this week. What was the basis for wanting to do it this way as opposed to staying quiet...Donald Trump. No basis. No basis.Look, John, I didn't have to do this. When I did this, believe meyou see this incredible resort. It's one of the great in the world. When I did this, I could be here enjoying myself. I don't have to be with you guys. I didn't need this. I have places that are the best in the world, OK. I could be doing other things. I'm doing this because we're going to make America great again. I'm doing this because when I looked at the Iran deal, which was incompetentwhen I looked at what's going on with jobs being torn out of our country and going to Mexico and China, what's happening with China. And with all of this, with ISIS, with our military being so badly depleted where we have old fighter jets. We have to take parts from museums and from graveyards.When I look at all this I say I sort of have to do it. You know this country's been great to me. I'm giving back. That's all.Now as far as running a campaign, I guess it's probably not typical. But they said that against, you know when I ran there was 17 people, a total of 17. Governors, Senators, Ben Carson who's a fantastic guy, capable people. Wait a minute. Everybody said, oh he can never win because look what he's doing. He's giving a talk to 5,000 people in New Hampshire instead of going to everybody's house and having dinner.And then I won New Hampshire. And then I won you know 38 or 39 states. And won by the way, not by a little bit. Won with the highest vote in the history of the Republican Party. So just...Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. OK but John but the point is this, so it's a different kind of a campaign. But it's what I think is good. I think it's good. I think it's working here too.Question. But this aggressive counterprogramming the Democratic Convention is different than what we've seen in previous campaigns. And I'm wondering why you felt the need to make sure that everything that was said was responded to immediately with personal appearances, with campaign appearances while they were [inaudible]...Donald Trump. Well, when Joe Biden says that I want to firebomb the enemy, which was on television this morning, or carpet bomb. He used the term carpet bomb. When he makes the statement that Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb, I never said that. That was Ted Cruz that said that OK? That was Ted Cruz, wasn't me.When Sanders, and I think a lot of his people are going to come to me because of trade. But when Bernie Sanders makes a statement that I wanted to go lower than the minimum wage, lower, it's a lie. So I have a choice. All my people say don't respond to it, it doesn't matter. I say to me it does matter. It matters.When people tell lies, politicians who tell lies very well, that's what they do, that's why they're politicians. But when politicians tell lies, and I'm lucky in a sense because I have a big microphone. In other words I can say that Biden lied when he said that. Or I can say that I didn't say that, Bernie Sanders. And you guys know that I didn't. In fact he was criticized by people that fact check for saying it because I never said it.So it's nice to be able to, President Obama said a year-and-a- half ago, Donald Trump will never be president. Today on "The Today Show" he said, this is democracy. A little bit different. Little bit different. [laughter]David, go ahead Dave.Question. Last night at the Democratic Convention [inaudible] women and gay advocates made strong cases that you and the Republican Party are kind of on the wrong side of history regarding abortion rights and gay marriage. Can you clarify your position on those?Donald Trump. You'll have to see it in the polls David. You know what my positions are. You'll have to see it at the polls.Question. I don't know what...[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Yeah go ahead.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. David my positions are down. You ask the question every single time. I give you an answer. My positions are down. Take a look. Go ahead.Question. Didn't you hold a Miss Universe Pageant?Donald Trump. Yes I did.Question. Did Don Jr. say back in 2008 that there was Russian money pouring into the top organizations...Donald Trump. We wanted to, yeah, I don't know what he said. But we wanted...[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Excuse me, listen. We wanted to; we were doing Miss Universe 4 or 5 years ago in Russia. It was a tremendous success. Very, very successful. And there were developers in Russia that wanted to put a lot of money into developments in Russia. And they wanted us to do it. But it never worked out.Frankly I didn't want to do it for a couple of different reasons. But we had a major developer, particular, but numerous developers that wanted to develop property in Moscow and other places. But we decided not to do it.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Yes ma'am go ahead.Question. [inaudible] President Obama has said that you would never win the presidency. Last night he said that anything is possible.Donald Trump. He did say that.Question. What is your reaction to that?Donald Trump. Well, I just said sort of said that. He just said that. He said it this morning, anything's possible. I think I'm going to win. I think people are sick and tired of incompetence. They're sick and tired of having politicians leading them down the tubes. Whether it's taxes, whether it's debt, whether it's any one of 15 different things. And that's why. I mean I think I'll win the election. I think you'll see that in the polls.All right a few more questions. Go ahead John.Question. Back in December...Donald Trump. I hope your arm's OK.Question. It's all right. Back in December sir you had said that you were probably going to be going to Israel to go and meet the leadership. Now that you are the Republican nominee, it is a tradition once you secure the Party's nomination, to do a trip...Donald Trump. Well, it's a tradition but I don't do things that are traditional. But I have great support from Israel. I will back Israel 100 percent. I would like to go there. But I have great relationships as you know, to the people in Israel.And by the way, Obama in my opinion is the single worst thing politically speaking that's ever happened to Israel. He has been a disaster for Israel.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. I don't know. I don't know. I haven't set my schedule yet. It could happen.Question. [inaudible] you are the nominee. Has you or your campaign had any conversations with foreign leaders trying to build up a relationship should you win in November, that you don't have to hit the ground running [inaudible]?Donald Trump. No, I think weit's possible we have. But I'm notI'm only interested in winning. Once I win, I'll get along great with foreign leaders, but they won't be taking advantage. I mean, the problem we have with foreign leaders, whether it's China, Russia, or anybody, they don't respect our leadership. And certainly in the case of China, they take tremendous economic advantage of ustremendous, to a point that is hard to believe.I'll get along great with the leadership. And we'll do well.Yes, ma'am, in the back?Question. Mr. Trump, [inaudible][crosstalk]Donald Trump. No, no. Excuse me. In the back?Question. I would like to know if you became president, would you recognize [inaudible] Crimea as Russian territory? And also if the U.S. would lift sanctions that are [inaudible]?Donald Trump. We'll be looking at that. Yeah, we'll be looking.Go ahead.Question. Mr. Trump, [inaudible] questions. First, a quick one on the minimum wage. You said we need to raise it to $10. [inaudible] be clear here. Are you talking about the federal minimum wage?Donald Trump. Federal.Question. OK. Second question about [inaudible].Donald Trump. Right.Question. You said [inaudible]. Would religion be a part of the [inaudible]?Donald Trump. I'm not making it a part. But at some point, maybe people will change their minds, but as of right now, I'm not making it a part.OK.[crosstalk]Donald Trump. Yes, ma'am? Go ahead.Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. Who said that?Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. Who?Question. [inaudible]Donald Trump. I think President Obama has been the most ignorant president in our history. His views of the world, as he says, don't jive. And the world is a mess. You look at what's happening with the migration, with Syria, with Libya, with Iraq, with everything he's touched. He has been a disaster as a president. He will go down as one of the worst presidents in the history of our country. It is a mess.And I believe that Hillary Clinton will be even worse.Go ahead.Question. [inaudible] polls you [inaudible]. You just said [inaudible].Donald Trump. Oh, [inaudible] just said that? Many polls show that you are winning? I can't believe it. Are you Katy Turek of NBC? It's a disguise.Go ahead.[laughter]Question. Many polls show you [inaudible]. He said he feels that you are [inaudible] not prepared to be president. Can you [inaudible] lay out for us and for him what you do on a daily basis? How does your [inaudible]?Donald Trump. OK. Well, [inaudible].[crosstalk]Question. [inaudible] about what's going on [inaudible] and domestic affairs.Donald Trump. Sure. Well, you've been asking me a lot of questions for a lot of times. I've turned out to be right. I turned out to be right on NATO. After I said that on NATO, NATO changed their whole program because of me.Excuse me, Katy, Hillary Clinton said yesterday she's going to start renegotiating trade deals. She never said that in her life. She said it yesterday only because of me. I'm the one that's prepared. President Obama when he became president, he didn't know anything. This guy didn't know a thing. And honestly, today he knows less. Today, he knows less.He's done a terrible job. I think I'm very prepared.Now, with that being said, I've been a businessman all my life, but I've been watching it. I've been seeing it. I've been feeling. And as you know, I've been very much involved in politics from the other side. I understand politics or I guess I wouldn't be here. I mean, I beat a lot of very talented people.Question. [inaudible] advisers, though?Donald Trump. I do. I have great foreign advisers. And you have a list. And I gave you a list. And the other day, as an example, General Quinn and General Flynn, and we have so manywe have so many. As an example, I had a meeting three or four days ago, and I'm going to do a report on it, with seven or eight very, very talented advisers.Now, with all of that being said, a lot of people want the people that are doing it now; people that have certain names. Look at the mess they've gotten us into. They said, "Have you spoken to so and so?" Well, I said, but he was in favor of the war in Iraq many years ago, which I was not in favor of. "Have you spoken to this one or that one?" I said, they were alllook at the job they've done.So a lot of the people that you think are good because you know their name or because you see them on television, I don't think are good. Because look at the end result. The end result is our country is a mess. The Middle East has never been worse. Had we done nothing with the Middle East; had our presidents, with an "S," gone to the beach and relaxed, we'd be in better shape than we are right now.All right, Tom. A couple more. Go ahead, Tom.Question. [inaudible] security briefings. You're about to get one.Donald Trump. Yeah.Question. Do you expect your opinion on [inaudible] or your opinion on [inaudible].Donald Trump. Well, we'll have to see. I mean, that's my opinion. That's my opinion. We'll have to see. I have a real problem when Hillary Clinton, who gives open access to a phony server, is allowed to get these briefings. How does Hillary Clinton get a national security briefing when she's been probably hacked, when so much of her information, the director of the FBI said it was essentially negligent. It was negligent.Now why are they giving her briefings, why are these people with great knowledge of the inner workings of our country and our security, why are they giving Hillary Clinton briefings? Because it's going to get revealed. I mean her number one person, Huma Abedin, is married to Anthony Weiner, who's a sleazeball and a pervert. And I'm not saying that, I mean that's recorded history, right?I don't like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets, OK? So how can Hillary Clinton be briefed on this unbelievably delicate information when it was just proven that she lied and that her server shouldn't have had it and that they're missing 33,000 e-mails and that's just the beginning. So I don't think that I know at some point, they're going to be calling, they're going to want to brief me, but I'm not a talker about this stuff.I don't think that it's safe to have Hillary Clinton, in light of what just happened, and in light of what we just found out, I don't think it's safe to have Hillary Clinton be briefed on national security because the word will get out.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. No. He's not going to run for mayor. Oh, Don? He's not going to run for mayor. Don has no attention of running for mayor. But he did a great job the other night with his speech. Because he made a good speech, everyone says he should run for mayor. You know why? Because we have a Democratic mayor who's horrible, he's doing a horrible job, de Blasio. But Don is not going to run forhe has no interest in running for mayor.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes. Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Unbelievable what he said. I think it's disgraceful. Hillary Clinton, because of me, said that TPP is not going to happen. But we all know it is going to happen if she won. Terry McAuliffe said with a wink that if Hillary gets in, she's lying and it will happen. And there is nobody closer, I know this for a fact, there is nobody, including her own husband, closer to Hillary Clinton than Terry McAuliffe, OK? Go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Oh I don't know what he said, Jon, I reallyAnthony Weiner'slook, look, lookAnthony Weiner is a proven loser. I mean the poor guy, he's locked up in a room. They lock him up in a room, they don't let him out. I don't know what Anthonymy son doesn't want to run for mayor. He has no intention of running for mayor.And besides that, as a Republican, you have a very tiny sliver in Manhattan, as you know, and in that area. It's almost impossible for a Republican to win. So, and my son likes to win, but my son has no intention of running for mayor so let's just put that to bed. Go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes, in [inaudible] very sad. Not [inaudible].Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Yes, I'm looking at it. I actually want to find out what causes it. It's a problem in many areas, OK? Yes, go ahead.Question. [off-mike]Donald Trump. Well, they shoutedyou know what was interesting. Yesterday I made a speech in front of the great veterans as you saw, and it was very well received, she was there the day before. And when I started talking about Hillary Clinton, the veterans who saw her 24 hours before, started screaming, "Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up." They also screamed that, as you know, during the speech I made. The big speech.Donald Trump. And I said, "Don't do that." Now, I didn't do that for any reason. I reallyI didn't like it. And they stopped. Not one reporter said that I said that. They all saidthey started screaming "Lock her up! Lock her up." I said, "Don't do that." Nobody reported that I said that, because it's dishonest reporting.You do agree I said that, right?Question. You did say that.Donald Trump. OK. Well, why didn't somebody report that?Question. That's what I want to ask you about, you said you...Donald Trump. No, I think it'sI think it's a shame that they said it, but a lot of people would say that should happen.OK, one more question, yesyes, ma'am, go ahead.Question. Yes, three weeks is a long time to wait for that [inaudible] immigration.This is Doral, it was built by...Donald Trump. Well, Doral is great. And DoralI think I have over 1,000 Hispanics working at Doral, and they're doing a great job.Yes, ma'am, in the yellow, go ahead. Yellow.Question. I have another question.Donald Trump. Excuse me. Yellow.Question. Hillary Clinton's running mate...Donald Trump. Who?Question. Hillary Clinton's running mate speaks Spanish. Do you think this [inaudible] an advantage on...Donald Trump. No, I don't think it has any impact. He's been very badher running mate has been very, very bad on employment. And all you have to do is go to Virginia and speak to the people of Virginia, he has been so bad.I figured when she chose him, he was very popular in Virginia. They don't like him. They don't like him. It has been very close races, and his polling is very bad.So, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. I think it's time for Hillary Clinton to do a news conference, because it's almost a year now and it would be interesting to see how she does.Thank you all very much.Question. [inaudible] running for the president [inaudible]?Donald Trump. Might as well tell him to have a good time. He has done one bad job.OK, thank you, everybody.
Thank you for the invitation to speak to you today. It's wonderful to be in Detroit.We now begin a great national conversation about economic renewal for America. It's a conversation about how to Make American Great Again for everyone, and especially those who have the very least.The City of Detroit Is Where Our Story BeginsDetroit was once the economic envy of the world. The people of Detroit helped power America to its position of global dominance in the 20th century.When we were governed by an America First policy, Detroit was booming. Engineers, builders, laborers, shippers and countless others went to work each day, provided for their families, and lived out the American Dream.But for many living in this city, that dream has long ago vanished.When we abandoned the policy of America First, we started rebuilding other countries instead of our own. The skyscrapers went up in Beijing, and in many other cities around the world, while the factories and neighborhoods crumbled in Detroit. Our roads and bridges fell into disrepair, yet we found the money to resettle millions of refugees at taxpayer expense.Today, Detroit has a per capita income of under $15,000 dollars, about half of the national average. 40 percent of the city's residents live in poverty, over two-and-half times the national average. The unemployment rate is more than twice the national average. Half of all Detroit residents do not work.Detroit tops the list of Most Dangerous Cities in terms of violent crimethese are the silenced victims whose stories are never told by Hillary Clinton, but victims whose suffering is no less real or permanent.In short, the city of Detroit is the living, breathing example of my opponent's failed economic agenda. Every policy that has failed this city, and so many others, is a policy supported by Hillary Clinton.She supports the high taxes and radical regulation that forced jobs out of your communityand the crime policies that have made you less safeand the immigration policies that have strained local budgets...and the trade deals like NAFTA, signed by her husband, that have shipped your jobs to Mexico and other countries and she supports the education policies that deny your students choice, freedom and opportunity.She is the candidate of the past.Ours is the campaign of the future.This is a city controlled by Democratic politicians at every level, and unless we change policies, we will not change results.Today, I will outline my economic vision. In the coming weeks, we will be offering more detail on all of these policies, and the ones we have already rolled out can be viewed on my campaign website.Our opposition, on the other hand, has long ago run out of ideas. All Hillary Clinton has to offer is more of the same: more taxes, more regulations, more bureaucrats, more restrictions on American energy and American production.If you were a foreign power looking to weaken America, you couldn't do better than Hillary Clinton's economic agenda.Nothing would make our foreign adversaries happier than for our country to tax and regulate our companies and our jobs out of existence.The one common feature of every Hillary Clinton idea is that it punishes you for working and doing business in the United States. Every policy she has tilts the playing field towards other countries at our expense.That's why she tries to distract us with tired political rhetoric that seeks to label us, divide us, and pull us apart.My campaign is about reaching out to everyone as Americans, and returning to a government that puts the American people first.Here is what an America First economic plan looks like.First, let's talk tax reform.Taxes are one of the biggest differences in this race.Hillary Clintonwho has spent her career voting for tax increasesplans another massive job-killing $1.3 trillion-dollar tax increase. Her plan would tax many small businesses by almost fifty percent.Recently, at a campaign event, Hillary Clinton short-circuited againto use a now famous termwhen she accidentally told the truth and said she wanted to raise taxes on the middle class.I am proposing an across-the-board income tax reduction, especially for middle-income Americans. This will lead to millions of new good-paying jobs.The rich will pay their fair share, but no one will pay so much that it destroys jobs, or undermines our ability to compete.As part of this reform, we will eliminate the Carried Interest Deduction and other special interest loopholes that have been so good for Wall Street investors, and people like me, but unfair to American workers.Tax simplification will be a major feature of the plan.Our current tax code is so burdensome and complex that we waste 9 billion hours a year in tax code compliance.My plan will reduce the current number of brackets from 7 to 3, and dramatically streamline the process. We will work with House Republicans on this plan, using the same brackets they have proposed: 12, 25 and 33 percent. For many American workers, their tax rate will be zero.While we will develop our own set of assumptions and policies, agreeing in some areas but not in others, we will be focused on the same shared goals and guided by the same shared principles: jobs, growth and opportunity.These reforms will offer the biggest tax revolution since the Reagan Tax Reform, which unleashed years of continued economic growth and job creation.We will Make America Grow Again.In the days ahead, we will provide more details on this plan and how it will help you and your family. It will present a night-and-day contrast to the job-killing, tax-raising, poverty-inducing Obama-Clinton agenda.The State of New York has already lived through Hillary Clinton's failed leadership. The Washington Post just published a devastating article on Hillary Clinton's broken promises. She pledged 200,000 jobs for upstate New York as Senator. But what happened? The Washington Post writes, and I quote: "upstate job growth stagnated overall during her tenure, with manufacturing jobs plunging nearly 25 percentthe former first lady was unable to pass big ticket legislation Many promised jobs never materialized and others migrated to other states as she turned to her first presidential rundata shows that upstate actually lost jobs during Clinton's first term."Compare that to my record. In a recent New York Post article by Steve Cuozzo, "How Donald Trump Helped Save New York City," the paper writes that Iand this is a direct quote"waded into a landscape of empty Fifth Avenue storefronts, the dust-bowl mugging ground that was Central Park and a Wall Street area seemingly on its last legs as companies moved outalmost by force of will  [he] rode to the rescue. Expressing rare faith in the future, he was instrumental in kick-starting the regeneration of neighborhoods and landmarks almost given up for dead."This is what I want to do for our countryI want to jumpstart America.Now let's look at what the Obama-Clinton policies have done nationally.Their policies produced 1.2% growth, the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression, and a doubling of the national debt.There are now 94.3 million Americans outside the labor force. It was 80.5 million when President Obama took office, an increase of nearly 14 million people.The Obama-Clinton agenda of tax, spend and regulate has created a silent nation of jobless Americans.Home ownership is at its lowest rate in 51 years.Nearly 12 million have been added to the food stamp rolls since President Obama took office. Another nearly 7 million Americans were added to the ranks of those in poverty.We have the lowest labor force participation rates in four decades.58 percent of African-American youth are either outside the labor force or not employed.1 in 5 American households do not have a single member in the labor force. These are the real unemployment numbersthe five percent figure is one of the biggest hoaxes in modern politics.Meanwhile, American households are earning more than $4,000 less today than they were sixteen years ago.The average worker today pays 31.5 percent of their wages to income and payroll taxes. On top of that, state and local taxes consume another 10 percent.The United States also has the highest business tax rate among the major industrialized nations of the world, at 35 percent. It's almost 40 percent when you add in taxes at the state level.In other words, we punish companies for making products in Americabut let them ship products into the U.S. tax-free if they move overseas.This is backwards. All of our policies should be geared towards keeping jobs and wealth inside the United States.Under my plan, no American company will pay more than 15% of their business income in taxes. Small businesses will benefit the most from this plan. Hillary Clinton's plan will require small business to pay as much as three times more in taxes than what I am proposing, and her onerous regulations will put them totally out of business. I am going to cut regulations massively.Our lower business tax will also end job-killing corporate inversions, and cause trillions in new dollars and wealth to come pouring into our countryand into cities like Detroit. To help unleash this new job creation, we will allow businesses to immediately expense new business investments.No one will gain more from these proposals than low-and-middle income Americans.My plan will also help reduce the cost of childcare by allowing parents to fully deduct the average cost of childcare spending from their taxes.We are also going to bring back trillions of dollars from American businesses that is now parked overseas. Our plan will bring that cash home, applying a 10 percent tax. This money will be re-invested in states like Michigan.Finally, no family will have to pay the death tax. American workers have paid taxes their whole lives, and they should not be taxed again at deathit's just plain wrong. We will repeal it.Next comes regulatory reformAs with taxes, I will have one overriding goal when it comes to regulation: I want to keep jobs and wealth in America.Motor vehicle manufacturing is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country. The U.S. economy today is twenty-five percent smaller than it would have been without the surge of regulations since 1980.It is estimated that current overregulation is costing our economy as much as $2 trillion dollars a yearthat's money taken straight out of cities like yours.The federal register is now over 80,000 pages long. As the Wall Street Journal noted, President Obama has issued close to four hundred new major regulations since taking office, each with a cost to the American economy of $100 million or more.In 2015 alone, the Obama Administration unilaterally issued more than 2,000 new regulationseach a hidden tax on American consumers, and a massive lead weight on the American economy.It is time to remove the anchor dragging us down.Upon taking office, I will issue a temporary moratorium on new agency regulations. My running mate, Mike Pence, signed a similar order when he became governor of Indiana. This will give our American companies the certainty they need to reinvest in our community, get cash off of the sidelines, start hiring for new jobs, and expanding businesses.I will also immediately cancel all illegal and overreaching executive orders.Next, I will ask each and every federal agency to prepare a list of all of the regulations they impose on Americans which are not necessary, do not improve public safety, and which needlessly kill jobs. Those regulations will be eliminated.We are in a competition with the world, and I want America to win. When I am president, we will.One of the most important reforms of all is trade reformAs Bernie Sanders has said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgment. We've seen this bad judgment overseas, in Libya, Iraq, and Syria. We've seen it in Iran. We've seen it from President Obama, when he gives $150 billion to Iran, the number one terror state, and even gives them $400 million in money-laundered cash as a ransom payment.But we've also seen the terrible Obama-Clinton judgment right here in Detroit.Hillary Clinton has supported the trade deals stripping this city, and this country, of its jobs and wealth.She supported Bill Clinton's NAFTA, she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, she supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea, and she supports the Trans-Pacific Partnership.Let's talk about South Korea for a moment, because it so perfectly illustrates the broken promises that have hurt so many American workers.President Obama, and the usual so-called experts who've been wrong about every trade deal for decades, predicted that the trade deal with South Korea would increase our exports to South Korea by more than $10 billionresulting in some 70,000 jobs.Like Hillary Clinton's broken promises to New York, these pledges all turned out to be false. Instead of creating 70,000 jobs, it has killed nearly 100,000, according to the Economic Policy Institute. Our exports to South Korea haven't increased at all, but their imports to us have surged more than $15 billionmore than doubling our trade deficit with that country.The next betrayal will be the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Hillary Clinton's closest friend, Terry McAuliffe, confirmed what I have said on this from the beginning: if sent to the Oval Office, Hillary Clinton will enact the TPP. Guaranteed. Her donors will make sure of it.A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for TPPand it's also a vote for NAFTA.Our annual trade deficit in goods with Mexico has risen from close to zero in 1993 to almost $60 billion. Our total trade deficit in goods hit nearly $800 billion last year.This is a strike at the heart of Michigan, and our nation as a whole.According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, before NAFTA went into effect, there were 285,000 auto workers in Michigan. Today, that number is only 160,000.Detroit is still waiting for Hillary Clinton's apology. I expect Detroit will get that apology right around the same time Hillary Clinton turns over the 33,000 emails she deleted.Hillary Clinton's Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) will be an even bigger disaster for the auto industry. In fact, Ford Motor Company has announced its opposition to the deal.According to the Economic Policy Institute, the U.S. trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost over 1 million manufacturing jobs in 2015.By far the biggest losses occurred in motor vehicles and parts, which lost nearly 740,000 manufacturing jobs.Michigan ranks first for jobs lost as a share of state workforce due to the trade deficit with TPP members.Just imagine how many more automobile jobs will be lost if the TPP is actually approved. That is why I have announced we will withdraw from the deal before that can ever happen. Hillary Clinton will never withdraw from the TPP. She is bought, controlled and paid-for by her donors and special interests.Because my only interest is the American people, I have previously laid out a detailed 7-point plan for trade reform, available on my website. It includes strong protections against currency manipulation, tariffs against any countries that cheat by unfairly subsidizing their goods, and it includes a renegotiation of NAFTA. If we don't get a better deal, we will walk away.At the center of my plan is trade enforcement with China. This alone could return millions of jobs into our economy.China is responsible for nearly half of our entire trade deficit. They break the rules in every way imaginable. China engages in illegal export subsidies, prohibited currency manipulation, and rampant theft of intellectual property. They also have no real environmental or labor protections, further undercutting American workers.Just enforcing intellectual property rules alone could save millions of American jobs. According to the U.S. International Trade Commission, improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would produce more than 2 million more jobs right here in the United States.Add to that the saved jobs from cracking down on currency cheating and product dumping, and we will bring trillions of dollars in new wealth and wages back to the United States.Trade has big benefits, and I am in favor of trade. But I want great trade deals for our country that create more jobs and higher wages for American workers. Isolation is not an option, only great and well-crafted trade deals are.Also critical to our economic renewal will be energy reformThe Obama-Clinton Administration has blocked and destroyed millions of jobs through their anti-energy regulations, while raising the price of electricity for both families and businesses.As a result of recent Obama EPA actions coal-fired power plants across Michigan have either shut down entirely or undergone expensive conversions. The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs. Hillary Clinton says her plan will "put a lot of coal companies and coal miners out of business."We will put our coal miners and steel workers back to work.Clinton not only embraces President Obama's job-killing energy restrictions but wants to expand them, including going after oil and natural gas production that employs some 10 million Americans.According to the Heritage Foundation, by 2030, the Obama-Clinton energy restrictions will eliminate another half a million manufacturing jobs, reduce economic output by $2.5 trillion dollars, and reduce incomes by $7,000 dollars per person.A Trump Administration will end this war on the American worker, and unleash an energy revolution that will bring vast new wealth to our country.According to the Institute for Energy Research, lifting the restrictions on all sources of American energy will:Increase GDP by more than $100 billion dollars annually, add over 500,000 new jobs annually, and increase annual wages by more than $30 billion dollars over the next 7 years;Increase federal, state, and local tax revenues by almost $6 trillion dollars over 4 decades;Increase totaleconomic activity by more than $20 trillion dollars over the next 40 years.The reforms I have outlined today are only the beginningWhen we reform our tax, trade, energy and regulatory policies, we will open a new chapter in American Prosperity.We can use this new wealth to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.As part of this new future, we will also be rolling out proposals to increase choice and reduce cost in childcare, offering much-needed relief to American families. I will unveil my plan on this in the coming weeks that I have been working on with my daughter Ivanka and an incredible team of experts.Likewise, our education reforms will help parents send their kids to a school of their choice.We will also give our police and law enforcement the funds and support they need to restore law and order to this country. Without security, there can be no prosperity. We must have law and order.In the coming days, we will be rolling out plans on all of these items. One of my first acts as President will be to repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare, saving another 2 million American jobs.We will also rebuild our military, and get our allies to pay their fair share for the protection we providesaving us countless more billions to invest in our own country.We also have a plan, on our website, for a complete reform of the Veterans Health Administration. This is something so desperately needed to make sure our vets are fully supported and get the care they deserve.Detroitthe Motor Citywill come roaring back. We will offer a new future, not the same old failed policies of the past.Our party has chosen to make new history by selecting a nominee from outside the rigged and corrupt system.The other party has reached backwards into the past to choose a nominee from yesterdaywho offers only the rhetoric of yesterday, and the policies of yesterday.There will be no change under Hillary Clintononly four more years of Obama.But we are going to look boldly into the future.We will build the next generation of roads, bridges, railways, tunnels, sea ports and airports that our country deserves.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will connect our cities, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers soaring.We will put new American metal into the spine of this nation.It will be American hands that rebuild this country, and it will be American energymined from American sourcesthat powers this country.It will be American workers who are hired to do the job.Americanism, not globalism, will be our new credo.Our country will reach amazing new heights.All we have to do is stop relying on the tired voices of the past.We can't fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place.We can't solve our problems by relying on the politicians who created them.Only by changing to new leadership, and new solutions, will we get new results.We need to stop believing in politicians, and start believing in America.Before everything great that has ever happened, the doubters have always said it couldn't be done.America is ready to prove the doubters wrong.They want you to think small. I am asking you to think big.We are ready to dream great things for our country once again.We are ready to show the world that America is BackBigger, and Better and Stronger Than Ever Before.Thank you, and God Bless You.
Thank you, everybody, thank you very much. It's great to be with you this afternoon and today we begin a conversation on how to make America safe again. In the twentieth century, the United States has defeated fascism, Nazism and communism. Now, a different threat faces our world: radical Islamic terrorism. This summer, there's been an ISIS attack launched outside the warzones of the Middle East--hard to believe--every eighty-four hours. Here in America, we have seen one brutal attack after another: thirteen were murdered and thirty-eight wounded in the assault on Fort Hood. The Boston Marathon bombing wounded and maimed sixty-four people, and ultimately left five dead, including two of our great police officers . In Chattanooga, Tennessee, five unarmed Marines--unbelievable people, by the way--were shot and killed at a military recruiting center. Last September, fourteen innocent Americans were gunned down at an office party in San Bernardino; another twenty-two were very gravely injured. In June, forty-nine Americans were executed at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando . Another fifty-three were badly injured. It was the worst mass shooting in our history, and the attack, by far, the worst on the LGBTQ community, and I'll tell you what: we can never, ever allow this to happen again. [applause] In Europe--thank you--in Europe we have seen the same carnage and bloodshed afflicted upon our closest allies. In January of 2015, a French satirical newspaper, Charlie Hebdo, was attacked for publishing cartoons of the prophet Mohammed. Twelve were killed, including two police officers, and 11 were wounded. Two days later, four were murdered in a Jewish delicatessen. In November of 2015 terrorist went on a shooting rampage in Paris that slaughtered 130 people, and wounded another 368 people, some in very, very, very bad shape today. France is suffering gravely. And the tourism industry is being massively affected in the most negative way. In March of this year terrorists detonated a bomb in Brussels airport killing 32 and injuring 340 people. This July in the South of France an Islamic terrorist turned his truck into an instrument of mass murder, plowing down and killing 85 men, women and children and wounding 308 people.Terrible. Among the dead were two Americans, a Texas father and his 11-year-old son. A few weeks ago in Germany a refugee armed with an axe wounded 5 people in a gruesome train attack. Only days ago an ISIS killer invaded a Christian Church in Normandy, France forced an 85- year-old priest to his knees. A priest who was beloved, who was beloved; before cutting his throat and just unthinkable other things.Overseas ISIS has carried out an absolute atrocity and one after another. Children slaughtered, girls sold into slavery, men and women burned alive, crucifixions, beheadings, and drownings, ethnic minorities targeted for mass execution. Holy sites desecrated. Christians driven from their homes and hunted for extermination. ISIS rounding up what it calls 'Nation of the Cross', 'Nation of the Cross' in a campaign of absolute and total genocide.We cannot let this evil continue. [applause] Thank you. Thank you. Nor can we let the hateful ideology of radical Islam, it's oppression of women, gays, children and non-believers be allowed to reside or spread within our own countries. [applause] We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism just as we have defeated every threat we've faced at every age and before. But we will not, we will not, remember this, defeat it with closed eyes or silenced voices. We have a president that doesn't want to say the words. Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead our country. [applause] Anyone who cannot condemn the hatred, oppression and violence of radical Islam lacks the moral clarity to serve as our president. [applause] The rise of ISIS is the direct result of policy decisions made by President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton. Let's look back at the Middle East at the very beginning of 2009 before the Obama-Clinton administration took over. Libya was stable. Syria was under control. Egypt was ruled by a secular president and an ally of the United States.Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished. Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.Fast forward to today. What we have--and think of this--and the decisions made by the Obama/Clinton group have been absolutely disastrous.Libya is in ruins. Our ambassador and three other really brave Americans are dead. And ISIS has gained a new base of operations.Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war. ISIS controls large portions of territory. A refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States.In Egypt, terrorists have gained a foothold in the Sinai desert near the Suez Canal, one of the most essential waterways of the world. Iraq is in chaos. And ISIS is on the loose. ISIS has spread across the Middle East and into the West.In 2014, ISIS was operating in seven nations. They were in seven nations. Terrible, but that's what it was.Today they're fully operational in 18 countries with aspiring branches in six more for a total of 24. And many believe that number is actually 28 to 30 countries. They don't even know.The situation is likely worse than the public has any idea. A new congressional report reveals that the Administration has downplayed the growth of ISIS with 40 percent of analysts saying they had experience efforts to manipulate their findings in trying to make it look much better than it is. It's bad.At the same time, ISIS is trying to infiltrate refugee flows into Europe and to the United States. Iran, the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism, is not flush with $150 billion in cash released by the United States. Plus if you remember from two weeks ago, another $400 million in actual cash that was obviously used for ransom.Worst of all, the nuclear deal puts Iran, the number one state sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism, on a path to nuclear weapons. In short, the Obama/Clinton foreign policy has unleashed ISIS, destabilized the Middle East, and put the nation of Iran, which chants, "death to America", in a dominant position of regional power and in fact aspiring a dominant world power.It all began in 2009 with what has become known as President Obama's global apology tour. We all remember. We all remember. [Booing] In a series of speeches, President Obama described America as arrogant, dismissive, derisive, and a colonial power. He was describing us.He informed other countries that he would be speaking up about America's past errors. He pledged that we would no longer be a senior partner that sought to dictate our terms. He lectured CIA officers of the need to acknowledge their mistakes, and described Guantanamo Bay as a rallying cry for our enemies.Perhaps no speech was more misguided than President Obama's speech to the Muslim world, delivered in Cairo, Egypt, 2009. I remember it well.In winning the Cold War, President Ronald Reagan repeatedly touted the superiority of freedom over communism and called the USSR the Evil Empire. Yet when President Obama delivered his address in Cairo, no such moral courage could be found or would be found. Instead of condemning the oppression of women and gays in many Muslim nations, and the systematic violations of human rights, or the financing of global terrorism, President Obama tried to draw an equivalency between our human rights record--and remember this, our human rights--and theirs. The records are unbelievable and unmistakable. His naive words were followed by even more naive actions. The failure to establish a new status of forces agreement in Iraq and the election-driven timetable for withdrawal surrendered our gains in that country and led directly to the rise of ISIS without question. [applause] The failures in Iraq were compounded by Hillary Clinton's disaster, total disaster, in Libya. President Obama has since said that he regrets, and really regrets, Libya and the mistake he made. He considers it his worst mistake. According to then-Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, the invasion of Libya was nearly a split decision, but Hillary Clinton's forceful advocacy for the intervention was the deciding factor. That's why we went in. With one episode of bad judgment after another, Hillary Clinton's policies launched ISIS onto the world stage. Yet, as she threw the Middle East into violent turmoil, things turned out really to be not so hot for our world and our country. The Middle East in particular. The Clintons made almost $60,000 in gross income while she was secretary of state. It is unbelievable. Incident after incident proves again and again Hillary Clinton lacks the judgment--as said by Bernie Sanders--stability and temperament and the moral character to lead our nation. [applause] Importantly, she also lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS and all of the many adversaries we face. Not only in terrorism, but in trade and every other challenge we must confront to turn our great country around. [applause] It is now time for a new approach. Our current strategy of nation- building and regime-change is a proven, absolute failure. We have created the vacuums that allow terrorism to grow and thrive. I was an opponent of the Iraq War from the beginning. A major difference between me and my opponent. Though I was a private citizen whose personal opinions on such matters were really not sought, I nonetheless publicly expressed my private doubts about the invasion. I was against, believe me.Three months before the invasion I said in an interview with Neil Cavuto to whom I offer my best wishes for a speedy recovery, that "perhaps we shouldn't be doing it yet. And that the economy is a much bigger problem."In August of 2004, very early, right after the conflict, I made a detailed statement to Esquire Magazine in an interview. Here's the quote in full. "Look at the war in Iraq and the mess we're in. I would never have handled it that way." This was right after the invasion. "Does anybody really believe that Iraq is going to be a wonderful democracy where people are going to run down to the voting box and gently put in their ballot and the winner is happily going to go and step up and lead the country? C'mon."I then continued, "Two minutes after we leave there's going to be a revolution and the meanest, toughest, smartest most viscous guy, in this case, guy, will take over. And he'll have weapons of mass destruction which Saddam Hussein did not have. "What was the purpose of this whole thing? Hundreds and hundreds of young people killed. And what about the people coming back with no arms and no legs? Not to mention, in all fairness, the other side. The tremendous damage done. All those Iraqi kids who've been blown to pieces. And it turns out that all of the reasons for the war were blatantly wrong. All of this death and destruction for nothing."So I've been clear for a long time that we should not have gone in. But I have been just as clear in saying what a catastrophic mistake Hillary Clinton and President Obama made with the reckless way in which they pulled out.After we had made those hard fought sacrifices and gains we should have never made such a sudden withdrawal on a timetable advertised to our enemies. They said, we're moving out, here's our time, here's our date. Who would do this but an incompetent president?Al Qaeda in Iraq had been decimated. And Obama and Clinton gave it new life and allowed it to spread all across the world. By that same token President Obama and Hillary Clinton should have never attempted to build a democracy in Libya, to push for immediate regime change in Syria or to support the overthrow of Mubarak in Egypt. One more point on this. I have long said that we should have kept the oil in Iraq. [applause] I said it over and over and over again. Another area where my judgment has been proven correct. I just said it so many times, virtually every time I was interviewed, keep the oil, keep the oil. According to CNN, ISIS made as much as $500,000 in oil sales in 2014 alone. That's before they really got started. Fueling and funding its reign of terror. If we had controlled the oil like I said we should, we could have prevented the rise of ISIS in Iraq, both by cutting off a major source of funding and through the presence of U.S. forces necessary to safeguard the oil and vital infrastructure products necessary for us to have the oil. I was saying this constantly and consistently to whomever would listen. I said, "Keep the oil. Keep the oil. Keep the oil. Don't let somebody else get it." [applause] If they had listened to me then we would have had the economic benefits of the oil which I wanted to use to help take care of the wounded soldiers and families of those who died in the war. [applause] In addition to which thousands of lives would have been saved. This proposal by its very nature would have left soldiers in place of our assets. We would have had soldiers there guarding this valuable supply of oil. In the old days, when we won a war, to the victor belonged the spoils. [applause] Instead, all we got from Iraq and our ventures in the Middle East, was death, destruction and tremendous financial loss. But it's time to put the mistakes of the past behind us and chart a new course. [applause] If I become president, the era of nation-building will be brought to a very swift and decisive end. [applause] Thank you. Our new approach--which must be shared by both parties in America, by our allies overseas and by our friends in the Middle East--must be to halt the spread of radical Islam. All actions should be oriented around this goal and any country which shares this goal will be our ally. Very important. Some don't share this goal. We cannot always choose our friends but we can never fail to recognize our enemies. [applause] As president, I will call for an international conference focused on this goal. We will work side by side with our friends in the Middle East, including our greatest ally Israel. [applause] We will partner with King Abdullah of Jordan and the president of Egypt, President Sisi, and all others who recognize this ideology of death that must be extinguished. [applause] We will also work very closely with NATO on this new mission. I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats. Very good. Very, very good.I also believe that we could find common ground with Russia in a fight against ISIS. Wouldn't that be a good thing? Wouldn't that be a good thing? [applause] They, too, have much at stake in the outcome in Syria, and have had their own battles with Islamic terrorism just as bad as ours. They have a big, big problem in Russia with ISIS.My administration will aggressively pursue joint and coalition military operations to crush and destroy ISIS. International cooperation to cut off their funding. Expanded intelligence sharing, and cyber warfare to disrupt and disable their propaganda and recruiting. Their recruiting is taking place right now, and they're setting records. It's got to be stopped. [applause] We cannot allow the internet to be used as a recruiting tool and for other purposes by our enemy. We must shut down their access to this form of communication, and we must do it immediately--immediately. [applause] Unlike Hilary Clinton, who has risked so many lives with her careless of handling of sensitive information, my administration will not telegram exactly military plans and what they are. [applause] And by the way, what's happened with her 33,000 e-mails is an absolute disgrace to the United States of America. [applause] I've often said that the great General Douglas MacArthur and the great General George Patton would be in a state of shock if they were alive today to see the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton tried to recklessly announce their every move before it happens. Like they did in Iraq, so that the enemy can prepare and adapt. Their enemy says, "Thank you."The fight will not be limited to ISIS. We will decimate Al- Qaeda. And we will seek to starve funding for Iran-backed Hamas and Hezbollah. [applause] So important. We can use existing U.N. Security Council resolutions to apply new and even stronger sanctions. Military, cyber and financial warfare will all be necessary to dismantle Islamic terrorism.But we must use ideological warfare as well. Very important. And they use it on us, better than we have ever even thought of using it on them. But that will change. Just as we won, just as we won the Cold War in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets, so too must we take on the ideology of radical Islam. While my opponent accepted millions of dollars in foundation donations from countries where being gay is an offense punishable by prison or death, my administration will speak out against the oppression of women, gays and people of different beliefs. [applause] Our administration would be a friend to all moderate Muslim reformers in the Middle East and will amplify their voices. This includes speaking out against the horrible practice of honor killings, where women are murdered by their relatives for dressing, marrying or acting in a way that violates fundamentalist teachings. Over 1,000 Pakistani girls are estimated to be the victims of honor killings by their relatives each year. Recently a prominent Pakistani social media star was strangled to death by her brother on the charge of dishonoring the family. In his confession, the brother took pride in the murder and said, "Girls are born to stay home and follow traditions." Shockingly, this is a tradition that has reached our own shores. One such case, and many, many cases have happened--where one involves an Iraqi immigrant who was sentenced to 34 years in jail for running over his own daughter, claiming she had been "too Westernized." To defeat Islamic terrorism we must also speak our forcefully against a hateful ideology that provides the breeding ground for violence and terrorism to grow. It's a breeding ground. It's a terrible, terrible breeding ground. A new immigration policy is needed immediately and as well. [applause] The common thread linking the major Islamic terror attacks that have recently occurred on our soil--9/11, the Fort Hood shooting, the Boston bombing, the San Bernardino attack, the Orlando attack--is that they have involved immigrants or the children of immigrants. Clearly, new screening procedures are needed. A review by the U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee has identified 380 foreign-born individuals charged with terrorism or terrorism-related offenses between 9/11 and 2014, and many more since then, and this year is a record for identification. It's gotten worse, far worse. We also know that ISIS recruits refugees after their entrance into the country, as we have seen with the Somali refugee population in Minnesota. Beyond terrorism, as we have also seen in France, foreign populations have brought their anti-Semitic attitudes with them. In Cologne, Germany on New Years, we have seen the reports of sexual violence and assault far greater than anybody knows. Pew polling shows that in many of the countries from which we draw large number of immigrants--extreme views about religion such death penalty--and for those who are involved--the death penalty is very, very common if you don't have the faith that they demand you have.A Trump administration will establish a clear principle that will govern all decisions pertaining to immigration, and we will be tough, and we will be even extreme. [applause] We should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people. In the Cold War, we had an ideological screening test. The time is overdue to develop a new screening test for the threats we face today. I call it extreme vetting. I call it extreme--extreme vetting. Our country has enough problems. We don't need more, and these are problems like we've never had before. [applause]] In addition to screening out all members of the sympathizers we must also screen out any with hostile attitudes toward our country or its principles, or who believe that Sharia law should supplant American law. [applause] Those who do not believe in our Constitution or who support bigotry or hatred will not be admitted for immigration into our country. [applause] Only those who we expect to flourish in our country, and to embrace a tolerant American society should be issued visas. [applause] To put these new procedures in place, we will have to temporarily suspend immigration from some of the most dangerous and volatile regions of the world, that have a history of exporting terrorism, nor for us! Not for us. [applause]Thank you. Thank you. As soon as I take office, I will ask the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security to identify a list of regions where adequate screening cannot take place, there are many such regions. We will stop processing visas from those areas until such time as it is deemed safe to resume, based on new circumstances or new procedures. The size of current immigration flows are simply too large to perform adequate screening. [applause] We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year . Beyond that, we admit hundreds of thousands of temporary workers and visitors from the same regions--hundreds of thousands . If we don't control the numbers, we can't perform adequate screening. There's no way it can take place. [applause]By contrast, my opponent wants to increase--which is unbelievable, no matter who you are, where you come from--wants to increase the flow of Syrian refugees by 550% over what they are now. [Boos] The United States Senate Subcommittee on Immigration estimates that Hillary's plan would mean roughly 620,000 refugees from all current refugee-sending nations in her first term , assuming no cuts to other refugee programs--so it could get worse! This would be additional to all other non-refugee immigration. Unbelievable numbers. Unbelievable numbers. The Subcommittee estimates her plan would impose a lifetime cost of roughly $400 billion when you include the cost of healthcare, welfare, housing, schooling and other entitlement benefits that are excluded from the State Department's placement figures. Think of this: $400 billion. In short, Hillary Clinton wants to be America's Angela Merkel. [Boos] And you know what a disaster this massive immigration has been to Germany and the people of Germany. Crime has risen to levels that no one thought they would ever, ever see. It is a catastrophe. We have enough problems in our country. We don't need more.Lastly, we will need to restore common sense to our security procedures. Another common feature of the past attacks that have occurred on our soil is that warning signs were totally ignored. The 9/11 hijackers had fraud all over their visa applications. Almost every one of them. It said practically in big bold letters "fraud". And nobody saw it. The Russians warned us about the Boston bombers, here on political asylum, and the attackers were even twice interviewed by the FBI. Very sad. The female San Bernardino shooter, on her--on her statements, and everything that she said: she was here on a fiance visa, which most people have not even heard of, from Saudi Arabia, and she wanted to support very openly jihad online. These are the people we're taking in. A neighbor saw suspicious behavior--bombs on the floor, and other things--but didn't warn authorities because they said they didn't want to be accused of racial profiling. Now, many are dead and many more are gravely wounded. The shooter in Orlando reportedly celebrated in his classroom after 9/11 . He, too, was interviewed by the FBI. His father, a native of Afghanistan, supported the oppressive Taliban regime, and expressed anti-American views very strongly , and by the way, was just seen sitting behind Hillary Clinton with a big fat smile on his face, all the way through her speech. [Boos] He obviously liked what she had to say. It's called: weakness, weakness. It's called stupidity, and we've had it. [applause]The Fort Hood shooter delivered a presentation to a room full of mental health experts before the attacks in which he threw out one red flag after another. He even proclaimed that we "love death more then you love life". Not good. These warning signs were ignored because political correctness has replaced common sense in our society. [applause] Thank you. Thank you. That is why one of my first acts as president will be to establish a commission on radical Islam, which will include reformers voices in the Muslim community, who will hopefully work with us. We want to build bridges and erase divisions. The goal of the commission will be to identify and explain to the American public the core convictions and beliefs of radical Islam, to identify the warning signs of radicalization, and to expose the networks in our society that support radicalization. This commission will be used to develop new protocols for local police officers, federal investigators and immigration screeners. And while I'm at it, we should give a hand to our great police officers and law enforcement officials. [applause] Thank you. Thank you. We will also keep open Guantanamo Bay and place a renewed emphasis on human intelligence. Drone strikes will remain part of our strategy, but we will also seek to capture high-value targets to gain needed information to dismantle their organizations. [applause] Foreign combatants will be tried in military commissions. [applause] Finally, we will pursue aggressive criminal or immigration charges against anyone who lends materiel support to terrorism. There will be consequences for those people. There will be very serious consequences. [applause] Similar to the effort to take down the mafia, this will be the understood mission of every federal investigator and prosecutor in the country. [applause] To accomplish a goal, you must state a mission. The support networks for radical Islam in this country will be stripped out and removed, one-by-one, viciously if necessary--viciously if necessary. Immigration offices will also have their powers restored. Those have been taken away. Those who are guests in our country that are preaching hate will be asked to return home immediately and if they don't immediately, we will return them home.To make America safe again, we must work together again. Our victory in the Cold War relied on a bipartisan and international consensus. That is what we must have to defeat radical Islamic terrorism. [applause] But just like we couldn't defeat communism without acknowledging that communism exists, or explaining its horrible evils, we can't defeat radical Islamic terrorism unless we do the exact same thing. We have to explain that it exists, and explain the difficulties. We have to have a leader that can do that, and we do not have that now. But this also means that we have to promote the exceptional virtues of our own way of life. We have an exceptional country, an exceptional way of life. But it's being tread on by sick, sick people. And expecting that as newcomers come into our society, they will likewise have respect and do the same. Pride in our institutions, our history and our values should be taught by parents and teachers and impressed upon all of those that come into our society and want to join our society. [applause] Assimilation is not an act of hostility, but an expression of compassion. Our system of government and our American culture is the best in the world, and we'll produce the best outcomes for all who adopt it. [applause] Thank you. Thank you. This approach will not only make us safer, but bring us closer together as a country. Renewing the spirit of Americanism will help heal the divisions in our country, of which there are so many. We have a divider as president. We call him the Great Divider. It's the thing he best. [applause] It will do so by emphasizing what we have in common, not what pulls us apart. This is my pledge to the American People: as your president, I will be your single greatest champion. I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally, protected equally and honored equally. [applause] We will reject bigotry and hatred, and oppression, in all of its ugly forms, and seek a new future built on our common culture and values as one American People. Only this way will we make America great again, and safe again--for everyone. Thank you very much, God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [applause]
It's so great to be here tonight. I am honored to also be joined this evening by Governor Scott Walker, Chairman Reince Priebus, and Mayor Rudy Giuliani.We are at a decisive moment in this election.Last week, I laid out my plan to bring jobs back to our country. Yesterday, I laid out my plan to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism. Tonight, I am going to talk about how to make our communities safe again from crime and lawlessness. Let me begin by thanking the law enforcement officers here in this city, and across this country, for their service and sacrifice in difficult times.The violence, riots and destruction that have taken place in Milwaukee is an assault on the right of all citizens to live in security and peace.Law and order must be restored. It must be restored for the sake of all, but most especially the sake of those living in the affected communities.The main victims of these riots are law-abiding African-American citizens living in these neighborhoods. It is their jobs, their homes, their schools and communities which will suffer as a result.There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor, and will never be accepted in a Trump Administration.The narrative that has been pushed aggressively for years now by our current Administration, and pushed by my opponent Hillary Clinton, is a false one. The problem in our poorest communities is not that there are too many police, the problem is that there are not enough police.More law enforcement, more community engagement, more effective policing is what our country needs.Just like Hillary Clinton is against the miners, she is against the police. You know it, and I know it.Those peddling the narrative of cops as a racist force in our society  a narrative supported with a nod by my opponent  share directly in the responsibility for the unrest in Milwaukee, and many other places within our country.They have fostered the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America.Everytime we rush to judgment with false facts and narratives  whether in Ferguson or in Baltimore  and foment further unrest, we do a direct disservice to poor African-American residents who are hurt by the high crime in their communities.During the last 72 hours, while protestors have raged against the police here in Milwaukee, another 9 were killed in Chicago and another 46 were wounded. More than 2,600 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year, and almost 4,000 killed in President Obama's hometown area since his presidency began.How are we serving these American victims by attacking law enforcement officers?The war on our police must end. It must end now.The war on our police is a war on all peaceful citizens who want to be able to work and live and send their kids to school in safety.Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the rioter, the looter, the violent disruptor. Our job is to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent who wants their kids to be able to safely walk the streets. Or the senior citizen waiting for a bus. Or the young child walking home from school.For every one violent protestor, there are a hundred moms and dads and kids on that same city block who just want to be able to sleep safely at night. My opponent would rather protect the offender than the victim.Hillary Clinton-backed policies are responsible for the problems in the inner cities today, and a vote for her is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, and lost opportunities.I care too much about my country to let that happen.We all care too much about our country to let that happen.Good policing saves lives. My dear friend, Rudy Giuliani, knows a thing or two about this. The policies put into place by Rudy ultimately brought down crime by 76 percent and murder by 84 percent. Think of how many families were saved, how much heartache was prevented, when police were put into communities and criminals were removed.Imagine how many lives could have been saved, all across this country, if Democratic politicians hadn't blocked in their cities what Rudy did in New York City? I'll make sure we deliver safe neighborhoods here in Milwaukee, and all across this country.It's easy for Hillary Clinton to turn a blind eye to crime when she has her own private security force. I believe all Americans, not just the powerful, are entitled to security.Hillary Clinton has had her chance. She failed. Now it's time for new leadership.The Hillary Clinton agenda hurts poor people the most.There is no compassion in allowing drug dealers, gang members, and felons to prey on innocent people. It is the first duty of government to keep the innocent safe, and when I am President I will fight for the safety of every American  and especially those Americans who have not known safety for a very, very long time.I am asking for the vote of every African-American citizen struggling in our country today who wants a different future.It is time for our society to address some honest and very difficult truths.The Democratic Party has failed and betrayed the African-American community. Democratic crime policies, education policies, and economic policies have produced only more crime, more broken homes, and more poverty.Let us look at the situation right here in Milwaukee, a city run by Democrats for decade after decade. Last year, killings in this city increased by 69 percent, plus another 634 victims of non-fatal shootings. 18-29-year-olds accounted for nearly half of the homicide victims. The poverty rate here is nearly double the national average. Almost 4 in 10 African-American men in Milwaukee between the ages of 25-54 do not have a job. Nearly four in 10 single mother households are living in poverty. 55 public schools in this city have been rated as failing to meet expectations, despite ten thousand dollars in funding per-pupil. There is only a 60% graduation rate, and it's one of the worst public school systems in the country.1 in 5 manufacturing jobs has disappeared in Milwaukee since we fully opened our markets to China, and many African-American neighborhoods have borne the brunt of this hit.To every voter in Milwaukee, to every voter living in every inner city, or every forgotten stretch of our society, I am running to offer you a better future.The Democratic Party has taken the votes of African-Americans for granted. They've just assumed they'll get your support and done nothing in return for it. It's time to give the Democrats some competition for these votes, and it's time to rebuild the inner cities of America  and to reject the failed leadership of a rigged political system.I'm not part of the corrupt system. In fact, the corrupt system is trying to stop me. I've been paying my own way. The voters in the Republican Party this year defied the donors, the consultants, the power brokers, and choose a nominee from outside our failed and corrupt and broken system.The other party  the Democratic Party  nominated the personification of special interest corruption. The Democratic Party rigged the nomination to give it to Hillary Clinton, thus giving the soul of their party this year to the special interests.I am running to listen to your voice, to hear your cries for help. The quiet voices in our society, not the loudest demonstrators, need to have their demands heard.Jobs. Safety. Opportunity. Fair and equal representation.We reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton which panders to and talks down to communities of color and sees them only as votes, not as individual human beings worthy of a better future. She doesn't care at all about the hurting people of this country, or the suffering she has caused them.The African-American community has been taken for granted for decades by the Democratic Party. It's time to break with the failures of the past  I want to offer Americans a new future.It is time for rule by the people, not rule by special interests.Every insider, getting rich off of our broken system, is throwing money at Hillary Clinton. The hedge fund managers, the Wall Street investors, the professional political class.It's the powerful protecting the powerful.Insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.When we talk about the insider, who are we talking about? It's the comfortable politicians looking out for their own interests. It's the lobbyists who know how to insert that perfect loophole into every bill. It's the financial industry that knows how to regulate their competition out of existence. The insiders also include the media executives, anchors and journalists in Washington, Los Angeles, and New York City, who are part of the same failed status quo and want nothing to change.Every day you pick up a newspaper, or turn on the nightly news, and you hear about some self-interest banker or some discredited Washington insider says they oppose our campaign. Or some encrusted old politician says they oppose our campaign. Or some big time lobbyist says they oppose our campaign.I wear their opposition as a badge of honor. Because it means I am fighting for REAL change, not just partisan change. I am fighting  all of us across the country are fighting  for peaceful regime change in our own country. The media-donor-political complex that's bled this country dry has to be replaced with a new government of, by and for the people.The leadership class in Washington D.C., of which Hillary Clinton has been a member for thirty years, has abandoned the people of this country.I am going to give the people their voice back.Think about it. The people opposing our campaign are the same people who have left our border open and let innocent people suffer as a result.The people opposing our campaign are the same people who have led us into one disastrous foreign war after another.The people opposing our campaign are the same people who lied to us about one trade deal after another.Aren't you tired of a system that gets rich at your expense?Aren't you tired of big media, big businesses, and big donors rigging the system to keep your voice from being heard?Are you ready for change?Are you ready for leadership that puts you, the American people, first? That puts your country first? That puts your family first?Let's talk about what this means for the inner cities of America. It's time to break through the television noise, the entrenched interests. I understand that a lot of powerful people in our political system  a lot of people who've created our problems  will lose a lot of their contracts, and their special gigs, if African-American voters, and all minority voters, support my campaign.It's time to stop making the special interests rich. It's time to make the American people rich.I am going to Make America Wealthy again.The Democratic Party has run nearly every inner city in this country for 50 years, and run them into financial ruin.They've ruined the schools.They've driven out the jobs.They've tolerated a level of crime no American should consider acceptable.Violent crime has risen 17% in America's 50 largest cities last year. Killings of police officers this year is up nearly 50 percent. Homicides are up more than 60% in Baltimore. They are up more than 50% in Washington, D.C.This is the future offered by Hillary Clinton. More poverty, more crime, and more of the same. The future she offers is the most pessimistic thing I can possibly imagine.It is time for a different future.Here is what I am proposing.First, on immigration. No community in this country has been hurt worse by Hillary Clinton's immigration policies than the African-American community. Now she is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants, taking jobs directly from low-income Americans. I will secure our border, protect our workers, and improve jobs and wages in your community. We will only invite people to join our country who share our tolerant values, who support our Constitution, and who love all of our people.On trade, I am going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to China, withdraw from the TPP, and protect every last American job.On taxes, I am going to give a massive tax cut to every worker and small business in this country, bring thousands of new companies and millions of new jobs onto our shores  and make it very difficult for our businesses to leave.I am going to reform our regulations so jobs stay in America, and new businesses come to America to hire workers right here in Milwaukee. Every policy my opponent has sends jobs overseas. I am going to bring trillions in new wealth back to the United States.On education, it is time to have school choice, merit pay for teachers, and to end the tenure policies that hurt good teachers and reward bad teachers. We are going to put students and parents first.Hillary Clinton would rather deny opportunities to millions of young African-American children, just so she can curry favor with the education bureaucracy.I am going to allow charter schools to thrive, and help young kids get on the American ladder of success: a good education, and a good-paying job.On crime, I am going to support more police in our communities, appoint the best prosecutors and judges in the country, pursue strong enforcement of federal laws, and I am going to break up the gangs, the cartels and criminal syndicates terrorizing our neighborhoods. To every lawbreaker hurting innocent people in this country, I say: your free reign will soon come crashing to an end.On healthcare, we are going to get rid of Obamacare  which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases  and give choice to patients and consumers. Aetna, just today, announced they are dropping out  as are many of the major insurance companies.On government corruption, I am going to restore honor to our government. We've seen the corruption of Hillary Clinton, the mass email deletions, the pay-for-play at the State Department, the profiteering, the favors given to foreign corporations and governments at your expense. We've seen a former Secretary of State lie to Congress about her illegal email scheme, risk innocent American lives, and bring dishonor onto our government.In my Administration, I am going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. No one will be above the law.I am going to forbid senior officials from trading favors for cash by preventing them from collecting lavish speaking fees through their spouses when they serve.I am going to ask my senior officials to sign an agreement not to accept speaking fees from corporations with a registered lobbyist for five years after leaving office, or from any entity tied to a foreign government. This is all just the beginning.We are going to make this a government of the people once again. This is our chance to take back power from all the people who've taken it from you. The reason you see the establishment media lining up behind my opponent is because they are scared that you, with your vote, can take away their power and return it to your family and community.These are tough times. But I know we can make American Greater Than Ever Before.To do this, we are going to need a fighter in the White House.I will be your fighter.To defeat crime and Radical Islamic Terrorism in our country, to win trade in our country, you need tremendous physical and mental strength and stamina. Hillary Clinton doesn't have that strength and stamina. She cannot win for you.Most importantly, she has bad judgment. Bad judgment on terrorism, bad judgement on foreign policy, bad judgment on trade.The only individuals she's ever delivered for is her donors  not the people.I've said it before, and I'll say it again. My opponent asks her supporters to repeat a three-word pledge. Her pledge reads: "I'm With Her"I choose to recite a different pledge. My pledge reads: "I'm With You  the American people."I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally. We will reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms, and seek a new future of security, prosperity and opportunity  a future built on our common culture and values as one American people.I am asking for your vote so I can be your champion in the White House. We will once again be a country of law and order, and a country of great success.To every parent who dreams for their children, and to every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: I'm with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you.Together, We will make America strong again.We will make American safe again.And we will make America great again.Thank you, and God Bless.
I'd like to take a moment to talk about the heartbreak and devastation in Louisiana, a state that is very special to me.We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt  and we must all work together to lift each other up. Working, building, restoring together.Our prayers are with the families who have lost loved ones, and we send them our deepest condolences. Though words cannot express the sadness one feels at times like this, I hope everyone in Louisiana knows that our country is praying for them and standing with them to help them in these difficult hours.We are one country, one people, and we will have together one great future.Tonight, I'd like to talk about the New American Future we are going to create together.Last week, I laid out my plan to bring jobs back to our country.On Monday, I laid out my plan to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism.On Tuesday, in Wisconsin, I talked about how we are going to restore law and order to this country.Let me take this opportunity to extend our thanks and our gratitude to the police and law enforcement officers in this country who have sacrificed so greatly in these difficult times.The chaos and violence on our streets, and the assaults on law enforcement, are an attack against all peaceful citizens. If I am elected President, this chaos and violence will end  and it will end very quickly.Every single citizen in our land has a right to live in safety.To be one united nation, we must protect all of our people. But we must also provide opportunities for all of our people.We cannot make America great again if we leave any community behind.Nearly Four in ten African-American children are living in poverty.I will not rest until children of every color in this country are fully included in the American Dream.Jobs, safety, opportunity. Fair and equal representation. This is what I promise to African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and all Americans.But to achieve this New American Future we must break from the failures of the past.As you know, I am not a politician. I have worked in business, creating jobs and rebuilding neighborhoods my entire adult life. I've never wanted to learn the language of the insiders, and I've never been politically correct  it takes far too much time, and can often make more difficult.Sometimes, in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don't choose the right words or you say the wrong thing. I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues.But one thing I can promise you is this: I will always tell you the truth.I speak the truth for all of you, and for everyone in this country who doesn't have a voice.I speak the truth on behalf of the factory worker who lost his or her job.I speak the truth on behalf of the Veteran who has been denied the medical care they need  and so many are not making it. They are dying.I speak the truth on behalf of the family living near the border that deserves to be safe in their own country but is instead living with no security at all.Our campaign is about representing the great majority of Americans  Republicans, Democrats, Independents, Conservatives and Liberals  who read the newspaper, or turn on the TV, and don't hear anyone speaking for them. All they hear are insiders fighting for insiders.These are the forgotten men and women in our society, and they are angry at so much on so many levels. The poverty, the unemployment, the failing schools, the jobs moving to other countries.I am fighting for these forgotten Americans.Fourteen months ago, I declared my campaign for the Presidency on the promise to give our government back to the people. Every day since then, I've worked to repay the loyalty and the faith that you have put in me.Every day I think about how much is at stake for this country. This isn't just the fight of my life, it's the fight ofour lives  together  to save our country.I refuse to let another generation of American children be excluded from the American Dream. Our whole country loses when young people of limitless potential are denied the opportunity to contribute their talents because we failed to provide them the opportunities they deserved. Let our children be dreamers too.Our whole country loses every time a kid doesn't graduate from high school, or fails to enter the workforce or, worse still, is lost to the dreadful world of drugs and crime.When I look at the failing schools, the terrible trade deals, and the infrastructure crumbling in our inner cities, I know all of this can be fixed - and it can be fixed very quickly.In the world I come from, if something is broken, you fix it.If something isn't working, you replace it.If a product doesn't deliver, you make a change.I have no patience for injustice, no tolerance for government incompetence, no sympathy for leaders who fail their citizens.That's why I am running: to end the decades of bitter failure and to offer the American people a new future of honesty, justice and opportunity. A future where America, and its people, always  and I mean always  come first.Aren't you tired of a system that gets rich at your expense?Aren't you tired of the same old lies and the same old broken promises? And Hillary Clinton has proven to be one of the greatest liars of all time.Aren't you tired of arrogant leaders who look down on you, instead of serving and protecting you?That is all about to change  and it's about to change soon. We are going to put the American people first again.I've travelled all across this country laying out my bold and modern agenda for change.In this journey, I will never lie to you. I will never tell you something I do not believe. I will never put anyone's interests ahead of yours.And, I will never, ever stop fighting for you.I have no special interest. I am spending millions of dollars on my own campaign  nobody else is.My only interest is the American people.So while sometimes I can be too honest, Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite: she never tells the truth. One lie after another, and getting worse each passing day.The American people are still waiting for Hillary Clinton to apologize for all of the many lies she's told to them, and the many times she's betrayed them.Tell me, has Hillary Clinton ever apologized for lying about her illegal email server and deleting 33,000 emails?Has Hillary Clinton apologized for turning the State Department into a pay-for-play operation where favors are sold to the highest bidder?Has she apologized for lying to the families who lost loved ones at Benghazi?Has she apologized for putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons?Has she apologized for Iraq? For Libya? For Syria? Has she apologized for unleashing ISIS across the world?Has Hillary Clinton apologized for the decisions she made that have led to so much death, destruction and terrorism?Speaking of lies, we now know from the State Department announcement that President Obama lied about the $400 million dollars in cash that was flown to Iran. He denied it was for the hostages, but it was. He said we don't pay ransom, but he did. He lied about the hostages  openly and blatantly  just like he lied about Obamacare.Now the Administration has put every American travelling overseas, including our military personnel, at greater risk of being kidnapped. Hillary Clinton owns President Obama's Iran policy, one more reason she can never be allowed to be President.Let's talk about the economy. Here, in this beautiful state, so many people have suffered because of NAFTA. Bill Clinton signed the deal, and Hillary Clinton supported it. North Carolina has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA went into effect.Bill Clinton also put China into the World Trade Organization  another Hillary Clinton-backed deal. Your city of Charlotte has lost 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since China joined the WTO, and many of these jobs were lost while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State  our chief diplomat with China. She was a disaster, totally unfit for the job.Hillary Clinton owes the State of North Carolina a very big apology, and I think you'll get that apology around the same time you'll get to see her 33,000 deleted emails.Another major issue in this campaign has been the border. Our open border has allowed drugs and crime and gangs to pour into our communities. So much needless suffering, so much preventable death. I've spent time with the families of wonderful Americans whose loved ones were killed by the open borders and Sanctuary Cities that Hillary Clinton supports.I've embraced the crying parents who've lost their children to violence spilling across our border. Parents like Laura Wilkerson and Michelle Root and Sabine Durden and Jamiel Shaw whose children were killed by illegal immigrants.My opponent supports Sanctuary Cities.But where was the Sanctuary for Kate Steinle? Where was the Sanctuary for the children of Laura, Michelle, Sabine and Jamiel?Where was the Sanctuary for every other parent who has suffered so horribly?These moms and dads don't get a lot of consideration from our politicians. They certainly don't get apologies. They'll never even get the time of day from Hillary Clinton.But they will always come first to me.Listen closely: we will deliver justice for all of these American Families. We will create a system of immigration that makes us all proud.Hillary Clinton's mistakes destroy innocent lives, sacrifice national security, and betray the working families of this country.Please remember this: I will never put personal profit before national security. I will never leave our border open to appease donors and special interests. I will never support a trade deal that kills American jobs. I will never put the special interests before the national interest. I will never put a donor before a voter, or a lobbyist before a citizen.Instead, I will be a champion for the people.The establishment media doesn't cover what really matters in this country, or what's really going on in people's lives. They will take words of mine out of context and spend a week obsessing over every single syllable, and then pretend to discover some hidden meaning in what I said.Just imagine for a second if the media spent this energy holding the politicians accountable who got innocent Americans like Kate Steinle killed  she was gunned down by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times.Just imagine if the media spent this much time investigating the poverty and joblessness in our inner cities.Just think about how much different things would be if the media in this country sent their cameras to our border, or to our closing factories, or to our failing schools. Or if the media focused on what dark secrets must be hidden in the 33,000 emails Hillary Clinton deleted.Instead, every story is told from the perspective of the insiders. It's the narrative of the people who rigged the system, never the voice of the people it's been rigged against.So many people suffering in silence. No cameras, no coverage, no outrage from a media class that seems to get outraged over just about everything else.So again, it's not about me. It's never been about me. It's about all the people in this country who don't have a voice.I am running to be their voice.I am running to be the voice for every forgotten part of this country that has been waiting and hoping for a better future.I am glad that I make the powerful a little uncomfortable now and again  including some powerful people in my own party. Because it means I am fighting for real change.There's a reason the hedge fund managers, the financial lobbyists, the Wall Street investors, are throwing their money at Hillary Clinton. Because they know she will make sure the system stays rigged in their favor.It's the powerful protecting the powerful.The insiders fighting for the insiders.I am fighting for you.Here is the change I propose.On terrorism, we are going to end the era of nation-building and instead focus on destroying ISIS and Radical Islamic terrorism.We will use military, cyber and financial warfare and work with any partner in the world, and the Middle East, that shares our goal of defeating terrorism. I have a message for the terrorists trying to kill our citizens: we will find you, we will destroy you, and we will win.On immigration, we will temporarily suspend immigration from any place where adequate screening cannot be performed. All applicants for immigration will be vetted for ties to radical ideology, and we will screen out anyone who doesn't share our values and love our people. Anyone who believes Sharia law supplants American law will not be given an immigrant visa. If you want to join our society, then you must embrace our society, our values and our tolerant way of life. Those who believe in oppressing women, gays, Hispanics, African-Americans and people of different faiths are not welcome to join our country.We will promote our America values, our American way of life, and our American system of government which are all the best in the world.My opponent on the other hand wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. Her plan would bring in roughly 620,000 refugees from all refugee-sending nations in her first term, on top of all other immigration. Hillary Clinton is running to be America's Angela Merkel, and we've seen how much crime and how many problems that's caused the German people.We have enough problems already, we don't need another one.On crime, we are going to add more police, more investigators, and appoint the best judges and prosecutors in the world. We will pursue strong enforcement of federal laws.The gangs and cartels and criminal syndicates terrorizing our people will be stripped apart one by one. Their day is over.On trade, we are going to renegotiate NAFTA, withdraw from the TPP, stand up to China on our terrible trade agreement, and protect every last American job.Hillary Clinton has supported all of the major trade deals that have stripped this country of its jobs and its wealth.On taxes, we are going to massively cut tax rates for workers and small businesses  creating millions of new good paying jobs.We are going to get rid of regulations that send jobs overseas and we are going to make it easier for young Americans to get the credit they need to start a small business and pursue their dreams.On education, we are going to give students choice, and allow charter schools to thrive. We are going to end tenure policies that reward bad teachers and hurt good ones. My opponent wants to deny students choice and opportunity, all to get a little bit more money from the education bureaucracy. She doesn't care how many young dreams are dashed in the process.We are going to work closely with African-American parents and students in the inner cities  and what a big difference that will make. This means a lot to me, and it is going to be a top priority in a Trump Administration.On healthcare, we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare. Countless Americans have been forced into part-time jobs, premiums are about to jump by double-digits yet again, and just this week Aetna announced it is pulling out of the exchanges in North Carolina. We are going to replace this disaster with reforms that give you choice and freedom and control in healthcare  at a much lower cost.On political corruption, we are going to restore honor to our government.In my Administration, I am going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. No one will be above the law.I am going to forbid senior officials from trading favors for cash by preventing them from collecting lavish speaking fees through their spouses when they serve.I am going to ask my senior officials to sign an agreement not to accept speaking fees from corporations with a registered lobbyist for five years after leaving office, or from any entity tied to a foreign government.Finally, we are going to bring this country together. We are going to do it by emphasizing what we all have in common as Americans. We are going to reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton, which sees communities of color only as votes and not as human beings worthy of a better future.If African-American voters give Donald Trump a chance by giving me their vote, the result for them will be amazing. Look at how badly things are going under decades of Democratic leadership  look at the schools, look at the 58% of young African-Americans not working. It is time for change.What do you have to lose by trying something new?  I will fix it. This means so much to me, and I will work as hard as I can to bring new opportunity to places in our country which have not known opportunity in a very long time.Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party have taken African-American votes totally for granted. Because the votes have been automatically there, there has been no reason for Democrats to produce.It is time to break with the failures of the past, and to fight for every last American child in this country to have the better future they deserve.In my Administration, every American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally. We will reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms, and seek a new future built on our common culture and values as one American people.This is the change I am promising all of you: an honest government, a fair economy, and a just society for each and every American.But we can never fix our problems by relying on the same politicians who created these problems in the first place.72% of voters say our country is on the wrong track. I am the change candidate, Hillary Clinton is the failed status quo.It is time to vote for a New American Future.Together, We will make America strong again.We will make American proud again.We will make America safe again.Friends and fellow citizens: Come November, we will make America great again.Thank You, and God Bless.
On November 8th, we are going to declare our independence from special interests, corrupt politicians, and from a rigged system that benefits only the insiders.We are going to declare our independence from media executives that don't care about us, and politicians who don't listen to us.We are going to declare our independence from rising crime, soaring poverty and crushing debt.We are going to declare our independence from failures of the past and create a New American Future.Once again, we will have a government of, by, and for the people.Americanism, not globalism, will be our credo.It's going to be America First from now on.Let me tell you what this new future looks like.We are going to cut taxes and create millions of new jobs.We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.We are going to appoint judges who will support, defend and uphold the Constitution of the United States.We are going to save and cherish the 2nd amendment.We will ensure every Veteran in this country has the right to seek medical treatment at a VA facility, or with the private doctor of their choice.We're going to eliminate job-killing regulations.We are going to unleash an American Energy Revolution.Let's talk about another issue that is important to our future, and the future of our children.That's the issue of crime. Violent crime is rising across the country. More than 2,700 have been shot in Chicago alone this year.No American should consider this level of crime acceptable. Every American has the right to live in safety and peace.A Trump Administration is going to restore law and order.Let me take this opportunity to thank our wonderful police and law enforcement officers. This state has known unbelievable heartache in recent days after the murder of 5 police officers, and the wounding of another 7, in the assault on Dallas. We pray for the families, and hope for the speedy recovery of the wounded.To all law enforcement in America: we are with you, we support you, and we will always stand with you.Together, we will create a safe community for every citizen in the land  but especially those who have not known safety in a very, very long time.That includes appointing an Attorney General and a Secretary of Homeland Security who are completely committed to upholding the law.I will appoint federal officials and investigators who will work hand-in-hand with police and citizens to dismantle gangs, cartels and criminal syndicates terrorizing our people.I will appoint prosecutors who will go into the most dangerous communities in America and work to liberate our citizens from violence and fear.All citizens deserve to be protected. No American left behind.I want every African-American parent in this country  and all parents in this country  to be able to raise their kids in safety.And I want to ensure every African-American child in this country  and all children in this country  are put on the American ladder of success: a good education, and a good-paying job.We are going to have school choice, charter schools, and merit-pay for teachers. My opponent, Hillary Clinton, discriminates against African-American students by opposing school choice because she is owned and paid for by the education bureaucracy.No one owns me. I answer only to the American people.In a New York Post column, Deroy Murdock, published data confirming what I've been saying about the devastating economic conditions in the African-American communities. Murdock confirms these facts:"The overall labor force participation rate for black Americans has slipped from 63.2 percent to 61.2 percent  down 3.2 percent.This metric also slumped for black teenagers, from 29.6 percent to 27.7 percent  down 6.4 percent.The percentage of black Americans in poverty has grown under Obama, the Census Bureau reports, from 25.8 percent in 2009 to 26.2 percent in 2014  up 1.6 percent.The number of blacks on Food Stamps soared under Obama  from 7.4 million in 2009 to 11.7 million in 2014  up 58.2 percent.Also, from Obama's arrival through last June 30, the percentage of black Americans who own homes plunged from 46.1 to 41.7 percent, the Census reports  down 9.5 percent."Nearly 4 in 10 African American children live in poverty. 58 percent of young African Americans are not employed.Homicide is up nearly 50 percent in Washington D.C. and up more than 60 percent in Baltimore. Violent crime rose 17 percent in the fifty largest US cities.This is the legacy of President Obama and Hillary Clinton.To those suffering I say: what do you have to lose by trying something new?Let me also tell you what you have to gain: more jobs, higher wages, and a massive reduction in the terrible crime plaguing our inner cities.We are going to turn it all around. Success must be created for everyone, and available to everyone.That is how we are going to create a New American Future.But to make every American safe and prosperous, we must address one of the most vital issues of all: Border Security.We are going to build a wall.We are going to enforce the law.We are going to protect your jobs and wages.And we are going to keep our country safe.According to the Texas government, nearly two hundred thousand illegal immigrants were booked into Texas jails between 2011 and 2016. Collectively, those arrested were responsible for more than half a million criminal offenses, including 1,055 homicides, 5,516 sexual assault charges and more than 50,000 charges of either burglary or theft.Yet, Hillary Clinton wants a totally, completely open border.She wants catch-and-release.Obamacare for illegal immigrants.Massive amnesty in her first 100 days.She wants to gut immigration enforcement.She supports Sanctuary Cities.She wants to let people overstay their visas without removal.One lawless order after another.We must not let it happen.Hillary Clinton also wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. There have been hundreds of immigrants and their children charged with terrorism inside the United States since 9/11, and a number of terrible attacks like the Boston Bombing, San Bernardino and Orlando. Yet Hillary Clinton wants to fling open the floodgates even wider.I want to create safe zones in the Middle East. My plan suspends visas when we can't perform effective screening, and it puts forward a new ideological screening program to keep out people from our country who don't support our values. After all, that is what taking the oath of citizenship is all about.This election will decide whether or not we have a border.This election will decide whether or not we have a country.Today I met with the moms of American children killed by illegal immigrants as a result of the policies Hillary Clinton supports. Hillary Clinton will never meet with these families, she will never hear these stories.These are all forgotten Americans  they are not Hollywood or media stars, or big money special interest donors.She is bought-and-paid-for by the special interests.This corruption relates closely to another corruption scandal that strikes at the heart of our Democracy. Every day more and more alarming facts come out.The scandal I speak of is the State Department's Pay-For-Play Scandal under Hillary Clinton.If our Secretary of State can be bought, or bribed, or sell or trade government favors, then the whole American system is threatened.It is a threat to the foundation of Democracy itself. This is what happens in a Third World country  it's the failed conditions people flee when they come to America.America can never elect a candidate who, like Hillary Clinton, did government favors for those giving her family and her foundation massive amounts of cash.The new revelations about Hillary Clinton's email scandal make clear we have only seen the tip of the iceberg.Hillary Clinton is desperate to cover-up her crimes. That's why she deleted 33,000 emails. That's also why she lied repeatedly to Congress and the American public.She said she never sent or received classified materials.That was a lie, proved over and over again.She claimed she used an insecure email server for the convenience of using only one device. But she used multiple devices.Another lie.Under penalty of perjury, she said she turned over all of her work-related emails. But the FBI found thousands she never turned over, and now just found another 15,000 more.Another Clinton lie.She said she sent nothing marked classified.A total lie, unmasked to the world. And more to come.She said her server was secure, and had no breaches. But we know now it was completely unsecure, and the FBI Director said it could easily be hacked by our foreign enemies.More Clinton lies.Clinton said her lawyers reviewed all of her emails before destroying them.One more Hillary Clinton lie.Lie after lie after lie.Hillary Clinton is unfit to hold public office.It is impossible to figure out where the Clinton Foundation ends and the State Department begins. It is now abundantly clear that the Clintons' set up a business to profit from public office. They sold access and specific actions by and to them for money.It goes back to the Arkansas days, and it continued during the White House days with the sale of the Lincoln Bedroom to large donors.But once Bill was out of office the small time Clinton business  or, more accurately, their crime enterprise  grew with the roles reversed. Bill, now an ex-President collected the money for the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton had the public offices to sell; Senator, Secretary of State and for all that time a potential President. They turned this into an exponentially larger business.But it was more than a business, it was a continuing big time criminal enterprise. It involved numerous violations of the conflict of interest and bribery laws and other serious laws of the United States.The e-mails and phone logs show that the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Department of State were one and the same. If you donated to the Clinton Foundation or paid massive speaking fees to Bill Clinton, you got an entry to the Department of State. Together they constituted the most scandalous and certainly most profitable sale of public office since the Teapot Dome Scandal of the 1920s.Today a phone log was released for Cheryl Mills. She was Secretary of State Clinton's Chief of Staff. You would expect the log to contain only calls concerning Department of State business. But Cheryl Mills received 148 messages between 2010 and 2012 from the Chief Operating Officer of the Clinton Foundation  no other individual or group appears to have left that many messages.We also just learned today that more than half the people who met with Hillary Clinton from outside government while she was Secretary of State were donors to the Foundation.This creates the nexus which is at the core of a RICO case. In other words, they merged the two into the Clinton Family racketeering enterprise.The specific crimes committed to carry out that enterprise are too numerous to cover in this speech. I walked through two of them yesterday  the sale of U.S. Uranium to Russia, and the exemption of a telecom giant from sanctions after they paid Bill Clinton for a speech.The UBS saga is another one. Shortly after Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State she went to Geneva and intervened in a dispute concerning secret identities of Americans.She negotiated a very good deal for UBS and a very bad deal for law enforcement. Of the 52,000 accounts the U.S. was seeking, the government settled for only 4,450 accounts. Her intervention was described by Treasury as unusual.Before her unusual intervention UBS had donated only $60,000 to the Foundation. After the Clinton favor for UBS, it opened its wallet for big bucks and out came a $600,000 contribution, a $32 million loan and a $1.5 million speaking fee for Bill Clinton.This is corruption, pure and simple.This is why I have called for a special prosecutor.Justice is supposed to be blind. It's never supposed to be for sale.In the long-run, there is only one way to end the corruption in our country: elect Donald J. Trump.Hillary Clinton thinks she is above the law. Come November, the American people will show her that she is not.You will be voting for justice, fairness and equality.You will also be voting for a more inclusive country, where no one is left out.Another 2 million Latinos have joined the ranks of those in poverty. Incomes for Latino households have declined by nearly $1,000 under President Obama. The number of Latino children living in poverty increased by 15 percent.Our pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-family agenda is going to bring hope back to every community in our nation. I will dedicate myself to restore the ladder of success to all those who live in poverty.We reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton, who sees communities of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future.The era of division is coming to end. We will create a new future of American unity.Are you ready for real American change?It is time to emphasize what we all have in common as Americans.We will promote our common culture, values and principles.We will be one nation.We will be one people.We will share together one great future.It's going to be America First.Together, we will make America proud again.We will make America prosperous again.We will make America safe again.Friends, citizens and fellow Americans: We will make America great again.
Thank you. I am so thrilled to be back in Washington.Together, we are going to work hard over the next 70 days and we are going to win this state  and we are going to win the White House.It's going to be a victory for the people. A victory for the everyday citizen whose voice hasn't been heard.It will be a win for the voters  not the pundits, not the journalists, not the lobbyists, not the global special interests funding my opponent's campaign.This is going to be YOUR victory.We are going to create the New American Future our children deserve.In this new future, millions of workers on the sidelines will be returned to the workforce.Crumbling roads, bridges and airports will be replaced with the infrastructure our country needs and deserves.Families trapped in welfare will be provided with jobs and opportunity.Government will become lean, effective, responsible  and honest.Our border will be protected, and our children will be safe.We will rebuild our inner cities, and provide safety and peace to all of our citizens.American values and culture will be cherished and celebrated once again.But to achieve this future, we must break free from the bitter failures of the past  and reject the same insiders telling us the same old lies.One area where honesty is badly needed is on the subject of economic and living conditions for African-American citizens in the United States.Millions of African-Americans in this country have succeeded greatly, and their contributions to every area of our life  now and throughout our history  should be celebrated and cherished. This includes the amazing achievements in art, science, sport, music, medicine, business and so much else. This includes millions of African-American entrepreneurs, innovators and the millions of African-American workers in our middle class.But we must also talk about those who have been left behind, the millions suffering in disastrous conditions in so many of our inner cities  and neighborhoods afflicted by poverty, drugs, and violence.No group in America has been more harmed by Hillary Clinton's policies than African-Americans.There is no better evidence of this fact than Hillary Clinton's immigration policy, which brings in illegal immigrants and refugees to take jobs from hardworking African-American and Hispanic citizens.Instead of providing free healthcare and jobs to millions of refugees from around the world, we should rebuild our inner cities and provide jobs to struggling Americans.Tonight, I am asking for the vote of every African-American and Hispanic citizen in this country who wants a better future.The inner cities of our country have been run by the Democratic Party for fifty, sixty, seventy years.These Democratic policies  the policies of Hillary Clinton  have produced only poverty, joblessness, failing schools, broken homes, and rising crime.Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty, including 45% of children under the age of six. 58% of African-American youth are not working. Meanwhile, another 2 million Hispanic-Americans have been added to the ranks of those in poverty since 2009.In Detroit, half of all its residents do not work. In Milwaukee, almost 4 in 10 African-American men between the ages of 24-54 do not have a job.Here, in the state of Washington, 65% of Latino children and 60% of African-American children live in low-income households.Chicago just had the most violent month in 20 years. More than 2,800 have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.It breaks our hearts.We cannot let this violence continue. It must be ended.Under A Trump Administration, it will be ended.It will be my priority to work with communities, local police, state police and federal law enforcement to dismantle the gangs and to liberate our citizens from violence and poverty and fear. I will appoint the best judges and prosecutors and federal investigators who will make this their personal mission.There is one thing which can no longer be denied: if you keep voting for the same people, you will keep getting the same results. To those suffering, I say: what do you have to lose by voting for Donald Trump? I will fix it. I will fight for you as no one ever has before.Let me also tell you what you have to gain: jobs, opportunity, security, and safety.This means so much to me.I believe every child in this country  in Detroit, in Baltimore, in Chicago  has the right to live out their lives in safety and peace.In the Wall Street Journal, Heather Mac Donald of the Manhattan Institute just wrote an important article about the soaring crime in our inner cities, and the responsibility of Democratic politicians for creating this problem.The article is called: "Black Lives Matter to Donald Trump." McDonald writes that "Mr. Trump's call to restore law and order recognizes the right of inner-city residents to enjoy the same freedom from fear that the rest of America now takes for granted."Freedom from violence is one of the great civil rights issues of our time. So too is the issue of school choice.We will fight for the right of parents to send their kids to the school that they believe gives their kids the best shot at success.I will not accept a future in which children of any color in this country are not fully included in the American Dream. Our whole country loses when we leave millions of talented, aspiring Americans on the sidelines. We want to give everyone a chance to contribute their full talents to our economy and our country.Remember: the Republican Party is the Party of Lincoln, the party of freedom, equality and opportunity. It is the Democratic Party that is the party of slavery, the party of Jim Crow, the party of oppression.Nothing makes me more honored and proud than to be the nominee of Abraham Lincoln's Republican Party.Our party will fight to bring hope to every forgotten stretch of this country.Once again, we will be One American Nation.One United People.And we will have One Great Future.That great future will be built on these three critical words: jobs, jobs, jobs.This will include a complete revitalization of our manufacturing sector, which has been so badly hurt by Hillary Clinton's policies.We are bringing the jobs back to our country.We are going to renegotiate NAFTA, keep out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, stand up to China, and fight for every last American job.The destruction that NAFTA started will be finished off if the Trans-Pacific Partnership is approved.That would be a disaster. We won't let it happen.But that's just the beginning of what we are going to do for American workers.On taxes, we are going to provide massive tax relief to all working people, and lower the tax rate on small business from 35% down to 15%. Low and middle-income parents will also be able to fully deduct the average cost of childcare from their taxes.On regulations, I am going to direct every agency and Department Head in my government to identify all needless and job-killing regulations and they will be removed. We will have a temporary moratorium on new regulations to allow our economy to grow and thrive.Economic growth for last quarter has been revised down to 1.1%, a total disaster. Meanwhile, our trade deficit in goods with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars.We will further bring back our jobs by unleashing an American energy revolution  lifting restrictions on oil, coal, natural gas and all sources of American energy. This will create millions of jobs and lower the price of energy for all families.We are also going to secure our border to stop the drugs from pouring in. The Seattle-area recently experienced the largest number of heroin-related deaths in 20 years. We have to stop the drugs poisoning our communities.Another major issue in this race is foreign policy. Hillary Clinton has made one bad foreign policy decision after another  beginning with her support for going to war in Iraq in the first place, which I opposed.Her tenure as Secretary of State may be regarded as the most disastrous in U.S. history.Look at the world before and after she became Secretary of State.Pre-Hillary, in early 2009, Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence.Libya was stable.Syria was under control.The group we know today as ISIS was close to being extinguished.Iran was being choked by sanctions.Now, fast-forward to present time.After Hillary, here is what the world looks like:Iraq is in total chaos.Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war and a refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States.ISIS has been unleashed onto the entire world.Iran  the world's top state sponsor of terrorism  has been put on the path to nuclear weapons, and was given a $400 million dollar cash ransom payment.This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton: death, destruction and terrorism.America deserves a better legacy.All of you deserve a better future. I am the change agent.Hillary Clinton is the defender of the status quo.While our country lost badly under Hillary Clinton, she cashed in big time. Bill Clinton's speaking fees surged while Hillary was Secretary of State  Bill was paid almost $50 million dollars for speeches during her tenure, an increase of 44% over the previous 4 years.Then there was all the money funneled into the Clinton Foundation from foreign governments and corporations.It was pay-for-play. Just look at what she did with UBS, or the Russian Uranium, or disaster relief in Haiti, and so many other examples.But the only way to learn the full depth of her public corruption is to read the 33,000 emails she deleted.Hillary Clinton said under oath that she turned over all of her work-related emails. But we know that is one more Clinton lie. The FBI found thousands of work-related emails she never turned over, and then another 15,000 emails were just discovered a few weeks ago.Now, today, another 30 emails were discovered by the State Department that Hillary Clinton failed to turn over  these were emails about Benghazi.It just never ends with the Clintons.There is only one way to get justice in this rigged system and that is to show up and vote on November 8th  and to vote big.In A Trump Administration, the State Department will work for the country  not for Hillary Clinton's donors.Under Hillary Clinton, it's the powerful protecting the powerful.Politicians defending politicians.Insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.The government will work for citizens once again.The era of division will be replaced with a future of unity.We are going to do it by emphasizing what we all have in common. We will proudly promote our culture as Americans, the best in the world.It is time to break with the failures of the past, and to fight for every last child in this country to have the better future they deserve.This is the change I am promising all of you: an honest government, a thriving economy, and a just society for each and every American.I am asking for your vote so I can be your champion in the White House.Together, We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless.
Wow. Thank you. That's a lot of people, Phoenix, that's a lot of people.Thank you very much.Thank you, Phoenix. I am so glad to be back in Arizona.The state that has a very, very special place in my heart. I love people of Arizona and together we are going to win the White House in November.Now, you know this is where it all began for me. Remember that massive crowd also. So, I said let's go and have some fun tonight. We're going to Arizona, OK?This will be a little bit different. This won't be a rally speech, per se. Instead, I'm going to deliver a detailed policy address on one of the greatest challenges facing our country today, illegal immigration.I've just landed having returned from a very important and special meeting with the President of Mexico, a man I like and respect very much. And a man who truly loves his country, Mexico.And, by the way, just like I am a man who loves my country, the United States.We agree on the importance of ending the illegal flow of drugs, cash, guns, and people across our border, and to put the cartels out of business.We also discussed the great contributions of Mexican-American citizens to our two countries, my love for the people of Mexico, and the leadership and friendship between Mexico and the United States. It was a thoughtful and substantive conversation and it will go on for awhile. And, in the end we're all going to win. Both countries, we're all going to win.This is the first of what I expect will be many, many conversations. And, in a Trump administration we're going to go about creating a new relationship between our two countries, but it's going to be a fair relationship. We want fairness.But to fix our immigration system, we must change our leadership in Washington and we must change it quickly.Sadly, sadly there is no other way. The truth is our immigration system is worse than anybody ever realized. But the facts aren't known because the media won't report on them. The politicians won't talk about them and the special interests spend a lot of money trying to cover them up because they are making an absolute fortune. That's the way it is.Today, on a very complicated and very difficult subject, you will get the truth. The fundamental problem with the immigration system in our country is that it serves the needs of wealthy donors, political activists and powerful, powerful politicians. It's all you can do. Thank you. Thank you.Let me tell you who it does not serve. It does not serve you the American people. Doesn't serve you. When politicians talk about immigration reform, they usually mean the following, amnesty, open borders, lower wages. Immigration reform should mean something else entirely. It should mean improvements to our laws and policies to make life better for American citizens.Thank you. But if we're going to make our immigration system work, then we have to be prepared to talk honestly and without fear about these important and very sensitive issues. For instance, we have to listen to the concerns that working people, our forgotten working people, have over the record pace of immigration and it's impact on their jobs, wages, housing, schools, tax bills and general living conditions.These are valid concerns expressed by decent and patriotic citizens from all backgrounds, all over. We also have to be honest about the fact that not everyone who seeks to join our country will be able to successfully assimilate. Sometimes it's just not going to work out. It's our right, as a sovereign nation to chose immigrants that we think are the likeliest to thrive and flourish and love us.Then there is the issue of security. Countless innocent American lives have been stolen because our politicians have failed in their duty to secure our borders and enforce our laws like they have to be enforced. I have met with many of the great parents who lost their children to sanctuary cities and open borders. So many people, so many, many people. So sad. They will be joining me on this stage in a little while and I look forward to introducing, these are amazing, amazing people.Countless Americans who have died in recent years would be alive today if not for the open border policies of this administration and the administration that causes this horrible, horrible thought process, called Hillary Clinton.This includes incredible Americans like 21 year old Sarah Root. The man who killed her arrived at the border, entered Federal custody and then was released into the U.S., think of it, into the U.S. community under the policies of the White House Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Weak, weak policies. Weak and foolish policies.He was released again after the crime, and now he's out there at large. Sarah had graduated from college with a 4.0, top student in her class one day before her death.Also among the victims of the Obama-Clinton open borders policy was Grant Ronnebeck, a 21-year-old convenience store clerk and a really good guy from Mesa, Arizona. A lot of you have known about Grant. He was murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member previously convicted of burglary, who had also been released from federal custody, and they knew it was going to happen again.Another victim is Kate Steinle. Gunned down in the sanctuary city of San Francisco, by an illegal immigrant, deported five previous times. And they knew he was no good.Then there is the case of 90-year-old Earl Olander, who was brutally beaten and left to bleed to death in his home, 90 years old and defenseless. The perpetrators were illegal immigrants with criminal records a mile long, who did not meet Obama administration standards for removal. And they knew it was going to happen.In California, a 64-year-old Air Force veteran, a great woman, according to everybody that knew her, Marilyn Pharis, was sexually assaulted and beaten to death with a hammer. Her killer had been arrested on multiple occasions but was never, ever deported, despite the fact that everybody wanted him out.A 2011 report from the Government Accountability Office found that illegal immigrants and other non-citizens, in our prisons and jails together, had around 25,000 homicide arrests to their names, 25,000.On top of that, illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion dollars a year.And this is what we get. For the money we are going to spend on illegal immigration over the next 10 years, we could provide 1 million at-risk students with a school voucher, which so many people are wanting.While there are many illegal immigrants in our country who are good people, many, many, this doesn't change the fact that most illegal immigrants are lower skilled workers with less education, who compete directly against vulnerable American workers, and that these illegal workers draw much more out from the system than they can ever possibly pay back.And they're hurting a lot of our people that cannot get jobs under any circumstances.But these facts are never reported. Instead, the media and my opponent discuss one thing and only one thing, the needs of people living here illegally. In many cases, by the way, they're treated better than our vets.Not going to happen anymore, folks. November 8th. Not going to happen anymore.The truth is, the central issue is not the needs of the 11 million illegal immigrants or however many there may be -- and honestly we've been hearing that number for years. It's always 11 million.Our government has no idea. It could be 3 million. It could be 30 million. They have no idea what the number is.Frankly our government has no idea what they're doing on many, many fronts, folks.But whatever the number, that's never really been the central issue. It will never be a central issue. It doesn't matter from that standpoint. Anyone who tells you that the core issue is the needs of those living here illegally has simply spent too much time in Washington.Only the out of touch media elites think the biggest problems facing America -- you know this, this is what they talk about, facing American society today is that there are 11 million illegal immigrants who don't have legal status. And, they also think the biggest thing, and you know this, it's not nuclear, and it's not ISIS, it's not Russia, it's not China, it's global warming.To all the politicians, donors, and special interests, hear these words from me and all of you today. There is only one core issue in the immigration debate, and that issue is the well being of the American people.Nothing even comes a close second. Hillary Clinton, for instance, talks constantly about her fears that families will be separated, but she's not talking about the American families who have been permanently separated from their loved ones because of a preventable homicide, because of a preventable death, because of murder.No, she's only talking about families who come here in violation of the law. We will treat everyone living or residing in our country with great dignity. So important.We will be fair, just, and compassionate to all, but our greatest compassion must be for our American citizens.Thank you.President Obama and Hillary Clinton have engaged in gross dereliction of duty by surrendering the safety of the American people to open borders, and you know it better than anybody right here in Arizona. You know it.President Obama and Hillary Clinton support sanctuary cities. They support catch and release on the border. they support visa overstays. They support the release of dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, criminals from detention. And, they support unconstitutional executive amnesty.Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.On top of that she promises uncontrolled, low-skilled immigration that continues to reduce jobs and wages for American workers, and especially for African-American and Hispanic workers within our country. Our citizens.Most incredibly, because to me this is unbelievable, we have no idea who these people are, where they come from. I always say Trojan Horse. Watch what's going to happen, folks. It's not going to be pretty.This includes her plan to bring in 620,000 new refugees from Syria and that region over a short period of time. And even yesterday, when you were watching the news, you saw thousands and thousands of people coming in from Syria. What is wrong with our politicians, our leaders if we can call them that. What the hell are we doing?Hard to believe. Hard to believe. Now that you've heard about Hillary Clinton's plan, about which she has not answered a single question, let me tell you about my plan.And do you notice --And do you notice all the time for weeks and weeks of debating my plan, debating, talking about it, what about this, what about that. They never even mentioned her plan on immigration because she doesn't want to get into the quagmire. It's a tough one, she doesn't know what she's doing except open borders and let everybody come in and destroy our country by the way.While Hillary Clinton meets only with donors and lobbyists, my plan was crafted with the input from Federal Immigration offices, very great people. Among the top immigration experts anywhere in this country, who represent workers, not corporations, very important to us.I also worked with lawmakers, who've led on this issue on behalf of American citizens for many years. And most importantly I've met with the people directly impacted by these policies. So important.Number one, are you ready? Are you ready?We will build a great wall along the southern border. And Mexico will pay for the wall.One hundred percent. They don't know it yet, but they're going to pay for it. And they're great people and great leaders but they're going to pay for the wall. On day one, we will begin working on intangible, physical, tall, power, beautiful southern border wall.We will use the best technology, including above and below ground sensors that's the tunnels. Remember that, above and below.Above and below ground sensors. Towers, aerial surveillance and manpower to supplement the wall, find and dislocate tunnels and keep out criminal cartels and Mexico you know that, will work with us. I really believe it. Mexico will work with us. I absolutely believe it. And especially after meeting with their wonderful, wonderful president today. I really believe they want to solve this problem along with us, and I'm sure they will.Number two, we are going to end catch and release. We catch them, oh go ahead. We catch them, go ahead.Under my administration, anyone who illegally crosses the border will be detained until they are removed out of our country and back to the country from which they came.And they'll be brought great distances. We're not dropping them right across. They learned that. President Eisenhower. They'd drop them across, right across, and they'd come back. And across.Then when they flew them to a long distance, all of a sudden that was the end. We will take them great distances. But we will take them to the country where they came from, OK?Number three. Number three, this is the one, I think it's so great. It's hard to believe, people don't even talk about it. Zero tolerance for criminal aliens. Zero. Zero.Zero. They don't come in here. They don't come in here.According to federal data, there are at least 2 million, 2 million, think of it, criminal aliens now inside of our country, 2 million people criminal aliens. We will begin moving them out day one. As soon as I take office. Day one. In joint operation with local, state, and federal law enforcement.Now, just so you understand, the police, who we all respect -- say hello to the police. Boy, they don't get the credit they deserve. I can tell you. They're great people. But the police and law enforcement, they know who these people are.They live with these people. They get mocked by these people. They can't do anything about these people, and they want to. They know who these people are. Day one, my first hour in office, those people are gone.And you can call it deported if you want. The press doesn't like that term. You can call it whatever the hell you want. They're gone.Beyond the 2 million, and there are vast numbers of additional criminal illegal immigrants who have fled, but their days have run out in this country. The crime will stop. They're going to be gone. It will be over.They're going out. They're going out fast.Moving forward. We will issue detainers for illegal immigrants who are arrested for any crime whatsoever, and they will be placed into immediate removal proceedings if we even have to do that.We will terminate the Obama administration's deadly, and it is deadly, non-enforcement policies that allow thousands of criminal aliens to freely roam our streets, walk around, do whatever they want to do, crime all over the place.That's over. That's over, folks. That's over.Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by ICE, but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldn't have been politically correct.My plan also includes cooperating closely with local jurisdictions to remove criminal aliens immediately. We will restore the highly successful Secure Communities Program. Good program. We will expand and revitalize the popular 287(g) partnerships, which will help to identify hundreds of thousands of deportable aliens in local jails that we don't even know about.Both of these programs have been recklessly gutted by this administration. And those were programs that worked.This is yet one more area where we are headed in a totally opposite direction. There's no common sense, there's no brain power in our administration by our leader, or our leaders. None, none, none.Here's an interesting graphic from a study published this summer on voting attitudes among people who heard incumbents use restrictive rhetoric on immigration -- tough enforcement, no amnesty, deportations -- and its affect on their own opinions.On my first day in office I am also going to ask Congress to pass Kate's Law, named for Kate Steinle.To ensure that criminal aliens convicted of illegal reentry receive strong mandatory minimum sentences. Strong.And then we get them out.Another reform I'm proposing is the passage of legislation named for Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver, to law enforcement officers recently killed by a previously deported illegal immigrant.The Davis-Oliver bill will enhance cooperation with state and local authorities to ensure that criminal immigrants and terrorists are swiftly, really swiftly, identified and removed. And they will go face, believe me. They're going to go.We're going to triple the number of ICE deportation officers.Within ICE I am going to create a new special deportation task force focused on identifying and quickly removing the most dangerous criminal illegal immigrants in America who have evaded justice just like Hillary Clinton has evaded justice, OK?Maybe they'll be able to deport her.The local police who know every one of these criminals, and they know each and every one by name, by crime, where they live, they will work so fast. And our local police will be so happy that they don't have to be abused by these thugs anymore. There's no great mystery to it, they've put up with it for years, and no finally we will turn the tables and law enforcement and our police will be allowed to clear up this dangerous and threatening mess.We're also going to hire 5,000 more Border Patrol agents.Who gave me their endorsement, 16,500 gave me their endorsement.And put more of them on the border instead of behind desks which is good. We will expand the number of border patrol stations significantly.I've had a chance to spend time with these incredible law enforcement officers, and I want to take a moment to thank them. What they do is incredible.And getting their endorsement means so much to me. More to me really than I can say. Means so much. First time they've ever endorsed a presidential candidate.Number four, block funding for sanctuary cities. We block the funding. No more funds.We will end the sanctuary cities that have resulted in so many needless deaths. Cities that refuse to cooperate with federal authorities will not receive taxpayer dollars, and we will work with Congress to pass legislation to protect those jurisdictions that do assist federal authorities.Number five, cancel unconstitutional executive orders and enforce all immigration laws.We will immediately terminate President Obama's two illegal executive amnesties in which he defied federal law and the Constitution to give amnesty to approximately five million illegal immigrants, five million.And how about all the millions that are waiting on line, going through the process legally? So unfair.Hillary Clinton has pledged to keep both of these illegal amnesty programs, including the 2014 amnesty which has been blocked by the United States Supreme Court. Great.Clinton has also pledged to add a third executive amnesty. And by the way, folks, she will be a disaster for our country, a disaster in so many other ways.And don't forget the Supreme Court of the United States. Don't forget that when you go to vote on November 8. And don't forget your Second Amendment. And don't forget the repeal and replacement of Obamacare.And don't forget building up our depleted military. And don't forget taking care of our vets. Don't forget our vets. They have been forgotten.Clinton's plan would trigger a constitutional crisis unlike almost anything we have ever seen before. In effect, she would be abolishing the lawmaking powers of Congress in order to write her own laws from the Oval Office. And you see what bad judgment she has. She has seriously bad judgment.Can you imagine? In a Trump administration all immigration laws will be enforced, will be enforced. As with any law enforcement activity, we will set priorities. But unlike this administration, no one will be immune or exempt from enforcement. And ICE and Border Patrol officers will be allowed to do their jobs the way their jobs are supposed to be done.Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country. Otherwise we don't have a country.Our enforcement priorities will include removing criminals, gang members, security threats, visa overstays, public charges. That is those relying on public welfare or straining the safety net along with millions of recent illegal arrivals and overstays who've come here under this current corrupt administration.Number six, we are going to suspend the issuance of visas to any place where adequate screening cannot occur.According to data provided by the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration, and the national interest between 9/11 and the end of 2014, at least 380 foreign born individuals were convicted in terror cases inside the United States. And even right now the largest number of people are under investigation for exactly this that we've ever had in the history of our country.Our country is a mess. We don't even know what to look for anymore, folks. Our country has to straighten out. And we have to straighten out fast.The number is likely higher. But the administration refuses to provide this information, even to Congress. As soon as I enter office I am going to ask the Department of State, which has been brutalized by Hillary Clinton, brutalized.Homeland Security and the Department of Justice to begin a comprehensive review of these cases in order to develop a list of regions and countries from which immigration must be suspended until proven and effective vetting mechanisms can be put in place.I call it extreme vetting right? Extreme vetting. I want extreme. It's going to be so tough, and if somebody comes in that's fine but they're going to be good. It's extreme.And if people don't like it, we've got have a country folks. Got to have a country. Countries in which immigration will be suspended would include places like Syria and Libya. And we are going to stop the tens of thousands of people coming in from Syria.We have no idea who they are, where they come from. There's no documentation. There's no paperwork. It's going to end badly folks. It's going to end very, very badly.For the price of resettling, one refugee in the United States, 12 could be resettled in a safe zone in their home region. Which I agree with 100 percent. We have to build safe zones and we'll get the money from Gulf states. We don't want to put up the money. We owe almost $20 trillion. Doubled since Obama took office, our national debt.But we will get the money from Gulf states and others. We'll supervise it. We'll build safe zones which is something that I think all of us want to see.Another reform, involves new screening tests for all applicants that include, and this is so important, especially if you get the right people. And we will get the right people. An ideological certification to make sure that those we are admitting to our country share our values and love our people.Thank you. We're very proud of our country. Aren't we? Really? With all it's going through, we're very proud of our country. For instance, in the last five years, we've admitted nearly 100,000 immigrants from Iraq and Afghanistan. And these two countries according to Pew Research, a majority of residents say that the barbaric practice of honor killings against women are often or sometimes justified. That's what they say.That's what they say. They're justified. Right? And we're admitting them to our country. Applicants will be asked their views about honor killings, about respect for women and gays and minorities. Attitudes on radical Islam, which our President refuses to say and many other topics as part of this vetting procedure. And if we have the right people doing it, believe me, very, very few will slip through the cracks. Hopefully, none.Number seven, we will insure that other countries take their people back when they order them deported.There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after they've been ordered to leave the United States. Including large numbers of violent criminals, they won't take them back. So we say, OK, we'll keep them. Not going to happen with me, not going to happen with me.Due to a Supreme Court decision, if these violent offenders cannot be sent home, our law enforcement officers have to release them into your communities.And by the way, the results are horrific, horrific. There are often terrible consequences, such as Casey Chadwick's tragic death in Connecticut just last year. Yet despite the existence of a law that commands the Secretary of State to stop issuing visas to these countries.Secretary Hillary Clinton ignored this law and refused to use this powerful tool to bring nations into compliance. And, they would comply if we would act properly.In other words, if we had leaders that knew what they were doing, which we don't.The result of her misconduct was the release of thousands and thousands of dangerous criminal aliens who should have been sent home to their countries. Instead we have them all over the place. Probably a couple in this room as a matter of fact, but I hope not.According to a report for the Boston Globe from the year 2008 to 2014 nearly 13,000 criminal aliens were released back into U.S. communities because their home countries would not, under any circumstances, take them back. Hard to believe with the power we have. Hard to believe.We're like the big bully that keeps getting beat up. You ever see that? The big bully that keeps getting beat up.These 13,000 release occurred on Hillary Clinton's watch. She had the power and the duty to stop it cold, and she decided she would not do it.And, Arizona knows better than most exactly what I'm talking about.(APPLAUSE)Those released include individuals convicted of killings, sexual assaults, and some of the most heinous crimes imaginable.The Boston Globe writes that a Globe review of 323 criminals released in New England from 2008 to 2012 found that as many as 30 percent committed new offenses, including rape, attempted murder, and child molestation. We take them, we take them.Number eight, we will finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tracking system which we need desperately. For years Congress has required biometric entry-exit visa tracking systems, but it has never been completed. The politicians are all talk, no action, never happens. Never happens.Hillary Clinton, all talk. Unfortunately when there is action it's always the wrong decision. You ever notice? In my administration we will ensure that this system is in place. And, I will tell you, it will be on land, it will be on sea, it will be in air. We will have a proper tracking system.Approximately half of new illegal immigrants came on temporary visas and then never, ever left. Why should the? Nobody's telling them to leave. Stay as long as you want, we'll take care of you.Beyond violating our laws, visa overstays, pose -- and they really are a big problem, pose a substantial threat to national security. The 9/11 Commission said that this tracking system would be a high priority and would have assisted law enforcement and intelligence officials in august and September in 2001 in conducting a search for two of the 9/11 hijackers that were in the United States expired visas.And, you know what that would have meant, what that could have meant. Wouldn't that have been wonderful, right? What that could have meant?Last year alone nearly half a million individuals overstayed their temporary visas. Removing these overstays will be a top priority of my administration.If people around the world believe they can just come on a temporary visa and never, ever leave, the Obama-Clinton policy, that's what it is, then we have a completely open border, and we no longer have a country.We must send a message that visa expiration dates will be strongly enforced.Number nine, we will turn off the jobs and benefits magnet.We will ensure that E-Verify is used to the fullest extent possible under existing law, and we will work with Congress to strengthen and expand its use across the country.Immigration law doesn't exist for the purpose of keeping criminals out. It exists to protect all aspects of American life. The work site, the welfare office, the education system, and everything else.That is why immigration limits are established in the first place. If we only enforced the laws against crime, then we have an open border to the entire world. We will enforce all of our immigration laws.And the same goes for government benefits. The Center for Immigration Studies estimates that 62 percent of households headed by illegal immigrants use some form of cash or non-cash welfare programs like food stamps or housing assistance.Tremendous costs, by the way, to our country. Tremendous costs. This directly violates the federal public charge law designed to protect the United States Treasury. Those who abuse our welfare system will be priorities for immediate removal.Number 10, we will reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers, the forgotten people. Workers. We're going to take care of our workers.And by the way, and by the way, we're going to make great trade deals. We're going to renegotiate trade deals. We're going to bring our jobs back home. We're going to bring our jobs back home.We have the most incompetently worked trade deals ever negotiated probably in the history of the world, and that starts with NAFTA. And now they want to go TPP, one of the great disasters.We're going to bring our jobs back home. And if companies want to leave Arizona and if they want to leave other states, there's going to be a lot of trouble for them. It's not going to be so easy. There will be consequence. Remember that. There will be consequence. They're not going to be leaving, go to another country, make the product, sell it into the United States, and all we end up with is no taxes and total unemployment. It's not going to happen. There will be consequences.We've admitted 59 million immigrants to the United States between 1965 and 2015. Many of these arrivals have greatly enriched our country. So true. But we now have an obligation to them and to their children to control future immigration as we are following, if you think, previous immigration waves.We've had some big waves. And tremendously positive things have happened. Incredible things have happened. To ensure assimilation we want to ensure that it works. Assimilation, an important word. Integration and upward mobility.Within just a few years immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records. The time has come for a new immigration commission to develop a new set of reforms to our legal immigration system in order to achieve the following goals.To keep immigration levels measured by population share within historical norms. To select immigrants based on their likelihood of success in U.S. society and their ability to be financially self- sufficient.We take anybody. Come on in, anybody. Just come on in. Not anymore.You know, folks, it's called a two-way street. It is a two-way street, right? We need a system that serves our needs, not the needs of others. Remember, under a Trump administration it's called America first. Remember that.To choose immigrants based on merit. Merit, skill, and proficiency. Doesn't that sound nice? And to establish new immigration controls to boost wages and to ensure that open jobs are offered to American workers first. And that in particular African- American and Latino workers who are being shut out in this process so unfairly.And Hillary Clinton is going to do nothing for the African- American worker, the Latino worker. She's going to do nothing. Give me your vote, she says, on November eighth. And then she'll say, so long, see you in four years. That's what it is.She is going to do nothing. And just look at the past. She's done nothing. She's been there for 35 years. She's done nothing. And I say what do you have to lose? Choose me. Watch how good we're going to do together. Watch.You watch. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country legally and properly vetted, and in a manner that serves the national interest. We've been living under outdated immigration rules from decades ago. They're decades and decades old.To avoid this happening in the future, I believe we should sunset our visa laws so that Congress is forced to periodically revise and revisit them to bring them up to date. They're archaic. They're ancient. We wouldn't put our entire federal budget on auto pilot for decades, so why should we do the same for the very, very complex subject of immigration?So let's now talk about the big picture. These 10 steps, if rigorously followed and enforced, will accomplish more in a matter of months than our politicians have accomplished on this issue in the last 50 years. It's going to happen, folks. Because I am proudly not a politician, because I am not behold to any special interest, I've spent a lot of money on my campaign, I'll tell you. I write those checks. Nobody owns Trump.I will get this done for you and for your family. We'll do it right. You'll be proud of our country again. We'll do it right. We will accomplish all of the steps outlined above. And, when we do, peace and law and justice and prosperity will prevail. Crime will go down. Border crossings will plummet. Gangs will disappear.And the gangs are all over the place. And welfare use will decrease. We will have a peace dividend to spend on rebuilding America, beginning with our American inner cities. We're going to rebuild them, for once and for all.For those here illegally today, who are seeking legal status, they will have one route and one route only. To return home and apply for reentry like everybody else, under the rules of the new legal immigration system that I have outlined above. Those who have left to seek entry --Thank you. Thank you. Those who have left to seek entry under this new system -- and it will be an efficient system -- will not be awarded surplus visas, but will have to apply for entry under the immigration caps or limits that will be established in the future.We will break the cycle of amnesty and illegal immigration. We will break the cycle. There will be no amnesty.Our message to the world will be this. You cannot obtain legal status or become a citizen of the United States by illegally entering our country. Can't do it.This declaration alone will help stop the crisis of illegal crossings and illegal overstays, very importantly. People will know that you can't just smuggle in, hunker down and wait to be legalized. It's not going to work that way. Those days are over.Importantly, in several years when we have accomplished all of our enforcement and deportation goals and truly ended illegal immigration for good, including the construction of a great wall, which we will have built in record time. And at a reasonable cost, which you never hear from the government.And the establishment of our new lawful immigration system then and only then will we be in a position to consider the appropriate disposition of those individuals who remain.That discussion can take place only in an atmosphere in which illegal immigration is a memory of the past, no longer with us, allowing us to weigh the different options available based on the new circumstances at the time.Right now, however, we're in the middle of a jobs crisis, a border crisis and a terrorism crisis like never before. All energies of the federal government and the legislative process must now be focused on immigration security. That is the only conversation we should be having at this time, immigration security. Cut it off.Whether it's dangerous materials being smuggled across the border, terrorists entering on visas or Americans losing their jobs to foreign workers, these are the problems we must now focus on fixing. And the media needs to begin demanding to hear Hillary Clinton's answer on how her policies will affect Americans and their security.These are matters of life and death for our country and its people, and we deserve answers from Hillary Clinton. And do you notice, she doesn't answer.She didn't go to Louisiana. She didn't go to Mexico. She was invited.She doesn't have the strength or the stamina to make America great again. Believe me.What we do know, despite the lack of media curiosity, is that Hillary Clinton promises a radical amnesty combined with a radical reduction in immigration enforcement. Just ask the Border Patrol about Hillary Clinton. You won't like what you're hearing.The result will be millions more illegal immigrants; thousands of more violent, horrible crimes; and total chaos and lawlessness. That's what's going to happen, as sure as you're standing there.This election, and I believe this, is our last chance to secure the border, stop illegal immigration and reform our laws to make your life better. I really believe this is it. This is our last time. November 8. November 8. You got to get out and vote on November 8.It's our last chance. It's our last chance. And that includes Supreme Court justices and Second Amendment. Remember that.So I want to remind everyone what we're fighting for and who we are fighting for.I am going to ask -- these are really special people that I've gotten to know. I'm going to ask all the Angel Moms to come join me on the stage right now. These are amazing women.These are amazing people.(Family members speak individually.)Thank you.These are amazing people, and I am not asking for their endorsement, believe me that. I just think I've gotten to know so many of them, and many more, from our group. But they are incredible people and what they're going through is incredible, and there's just no reason for it. Let's give them a really tremendous hand.That's tough stuff, I will tell you. That is tough stuff. Incredible people.So, now is the time for these voices to be heard. Now is the time for the media to begin asking questions on their behalf. Now is the time for all of us as one country, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative to band together to deliver justice, and safety, and security for all Americans.Let's fix this horrible, horrible, problem. It can be fixed quickly. Let's our secure our border.Let's stop the drugs and the crime from pouring into our country. Let's protect our social security and Medicare. Let's get unemployed Americans off the welfare and back to work in their own country.This has been an incredible evening. We're going to remember this evening. November 8, we have to get everybody. This is such an important state. November 8 we have to get everybody to go out and vote.We're going to bring -- thank you, thank you. We're going to take our country back, folks. This is a movement. We're going to take our country back.Thank you.Thank you.This is an incredible movement. The world is talking about it. The world is talking about it and by the way, if you haven't been looking to what's been happening at the polls over the last three or four days I think you should start looking. You should start looking.Together we can save American lives, American jobs, and American futures. Together we can save America itself. Join me in this mission, we're going to make America great again.Thank you. I love you. God bless you, everybody. God bless you. God bless you, thank you.
It's so great to be back in Ohio.Come November, we are going to win this state, we are going to win the White House  and we are going to bring back your jobs.We are going to negotiate fair trade deals that put American workers first.We are going to stop the product dumping, the unfair foreign subsidies, and the currency manipulation. We are going to stop the foreign cheating.The era of economic surrender is over.A new era of American Greatness is beginning.No state has been hurt worse by the Hillary Clinton trade policies than Ohio.Hillary Clinton backed her husband's NAFTA, she backed China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, she backed the job-killing trade deal with South Korea, and backed the Trans-Pacific Partnership.One bad deal after another.Hillary Clinton's donors own her, and she will do whatever they tell her to do.Ohio has lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, and nearly 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since China entered the World Trade Organization.Our trade deficit in goods with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars. This subtracts directly from our growth  our economy grew only 1.1 percent in the last quarter, a total disaster.This is the legacy of Hillary Clinton.I am promising a new legacy for America.We are going to create a New American Future.But to do that, we have to stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership.Our trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost the state of Ohio more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs last year. Imagine how many more jobs would be lost if TPP was actually approved.Hillary Clinton, who called the TPP the "Gold Standard", would 100% approve it if she ever got in.We won't let that happen.We will win this election, and we will keep America out of the TPP.We will defend our freedom, our jobs, and our economic independence.It's going to be America First.My economic plan is going to grow this economy, raise your wages, and create millions of new jobs.Here are a few of the things we will do:A massive tax cut for working Americans.We are going to eliminate regulations that kill American jobs, and that includes getting rid of the Obama Administration's new anti-energy rules that will raise Ohio energy bills by more than 40 percent.Hillary Clinton says she wants to "put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business." Just like she wants to put the steel workers out of business.We are going to put the miners and the steel workers back to work  and we are going to get your energy bills down.We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare, saving another 2 million jobs over the next decade.We are going to create jobs for all of our people, and we are going to fight to ensure that every young African-American and Latino child is put on the ladder of American success: a good education, and a great job.Another major part of our agenda is immigration security. We need to protect American jobs. We need to protect American safety.Last night, I outlined a detailed plan to provide jobs, safety and security to the American people with bold new immigration reforms.I had a great meeting yesterday with the President of Mexico where we both expressed our shared desire to secure the border, put the cartels out of business, and to keep jobs in our hemisphere.Let's also talk about government corruption.No issue better illustrates how corrupt my opponent is than her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.Here is one example of Clinton Corruption.As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton signed off on a deal allowing Russians to take an increased stake in a company called Uranium One, giving up control of about 20 percent of America's uranium supply to the Russians. Clinton's approval of the deal netted the owners of the uranium company millions of dollars. In exchange for signing off on the deal, some of the former owners of Uranium One gave the Clinton Foundation millions of dollars in donations. In addition, Bill Clinton received $500,000 for a speech to a Kremlin-backed investment firm that was a beneficiary of the deal.Here is another example of pay-for-play.In 2009, Ericsson telecommunications came under U.S. pressure for selling telecom equipment to several oppressive governments  including Sudan, Syria, and Iran. Some these regimes used those technologies to monitor and control their own people.In June 2011, Hillary Clinton's state department began adding goods and service to a list that might be covered under expanded sanctions on Iran and other state sponsors of terrorism.During that time, Ericsson sponsored a speech by Bill Clinton, paying him $750,000  his highest paying speech.In April 2012, the Obama Administration issued an executive order imposing sanctions on telecom sales to Iran and Syria but those sanctions did not cover Ericsson's work in Iran.A Trump Administration will end the government corruption.No one will be above the law.We will have one set of rules for everyone. In Hillary Clinton's world, we have one set of rules for her  and another set of rules for everyone else.I am fighting for everyone who doesn't have a voice. The forgotten men and women of America.I am your voice.Hillary Clinton's campaign is funded by Wall Street and hedge fund managers.My campaign is powered by my own money, but also by small dollar donations from working people across this country who want their country back.Nothing terrifies the ruling class more than when everyday working people give 5, 10, or 15 dollars to our campaign to help us take government away from the special interests and give it back to the voters.Come November 8th, we are once again going to have a government that serves you, your family, and your country.We are going to rebuild our depleted military, avoid needless foreign wars, build new friendships overseas, and remember those three famous words: Peace Through Strength.We are going to work with our allies to crush, defeat, and utterly destroy ISIS.We are going to have a new immigration screening test to keep people out of our country who don't support our tolerant values.My tax reforms will add millions of new jobs and thousands of new small businesses.My energy reforms will create millions of new jobs and lower the prince of your energy bill.My trade reforms will raise wages, grow jobs and add trillions in new wealth into our country.My immigration reforms will protect your jobs and stop businesses from exploiting visas programs that hurt poor workers.My infrastructure plans will rebuild your roads, bridges and airports.My regulatory reforms will make it easier for African-Americans small businesses to thrive, and for young children to live out their dreams.My promise of school choice, charter schools and merit-pay for teachers will help low-income students in our inner cities. Hillary Clinton discriminates against poor African-American children by opposing school choice.My government reforms will make your voice heard  not the voice of the special interests.Every insider, getting rich off of our broken system, is throwing money at Hillary Clinton.It's the powerful protecting the powerful.Insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.Every day you turn on the nightly news, you hear about how some self-interested banker or some Washington insider says they oppose our campaign. Or some encrusted old politician says they oppose our campaign. Or some big time lobbyist says they oppose our campaign.I wear their opposition as a badge of honor. Because it means I am fighting for REAL change, not just partisan change. I am fighting  all of us across the country are fighting  for peaceful regime change in our own country. The media-donor-political complex that's bled this country dry has to be replaced with a new government of, by and for the people.I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally. We will reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms, and seek a new future of security, prosperity and opportunity  a future built on our common culture and values as one American people.I am asking for your vote so I can be your champion in the White House.To every parent who dreams for their children, and to every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight: I'm with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you.Together, We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make American Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless.
Thank you all so much. What an honor and a privilege to speak today to the American Legion.I thank Commander Dale Barnett, your vice commanders, and your constitutional officers. You have all done such an incredible job.The men and women of the American Legion represent the best of America. Strength, courage, selfless devotion. Your organization, and its members, have done so much to defend our country, our flag, and to advance the cause of Americanism  not Globalism.We are in your debt.I will never let you down.Together, we are going to work on so many shared goals. But I want to begin by discussing one goal that I know is so important to all of you: promoting American pride and patriotism in America's schools.In A Trump Administration, I plan to work directly with the American Legion to uphold our common values and to help ensure they are taught to America's children. We want our kids to learn the incredible achievements of America's history, its institutions, and its heroes.We will stop apologizing for America, and we will start celebrating America.We will be united by our common culture, values and principles  becoming One American Nation.One country, under one constitution, saluting one American Flag.The flag all of you helped to protect and preserve.That flag deserves respect, and I will work with American Legion to help to strengthen respect for our flag  and, by the way, we want young Americans to recite the Pledge of Allegiance.In addition to teaching respect for the flag, we also have to make sure we give our military the tools they need to defend that flag and to deter violence and aggression from our foreign adversaries.We will rebuild our depleted military, and pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense. We will do it based on those three famous words: Peace Through Strength.We will make sure our soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines have the best equipment, training and tools in the world  and we will ensure that they have the best medical care in the world, both in service, and when they return home as civilians.That will require a total reform of the Veterans Administration.I've laid out a ten-step VA reform plan you can review on my website. Here are the basics:I will appoint a Secretary of Veterans Affairs whose personal mission will be to clean up the VA.The Secretary's sole mandate will be to serve our veterans  not bureaucrats, not politicians, but veterans.I am going to use every lawful authority to remove and discipline anyone who fails our veterans or breaches the public trust.I will appoint a commission to investigate all the wrongdoing at the VA, and then present those findings to Congress as the basis for reforming the entire system.We are going to ensure every veteran in America gets timely access to top-quality care, including the best care in the world for our female veterans.The Veterans health system will remain a public system, because it is a public trust. But never again will we allow any veteran to suffer or die waiting for care.That means Veterans will have the right to go to a VA facility, or the right to see a private doctor or clinic of their choice  whatever is fastest and best for the veteran. The Veteran will be in control.Should I have the honor of serving as president, we are also going to start facing the world with confidence again. We are going to uphold the laws of the nation and defend our sovereignty and security  and our border.I just came back from a great meeting with the President of Mexico, where I expressed my deep respect for the people of his country, and for the tremendous contributions of Mexican-Americans in our country  including to our Armed Services.I want to again thank him for his gracious hospitality, and express my belief that we can work together to accomplish great things for both of our countries.We agreed in the meeting on the need to stop the illegal flow of guns, drugs, cash and people across the border and to take out the cartels.We also talked about the importance of working to keep jobs and wealth in our hemisphere. A more prosperous Mexico means fewer illegal border crossings, and a better market for products made in the United States.When I am President, I am going to look at every trade deal we have across the world and see what steps must be taken to protect American jobs and create new opportunities for American workers. We will fight for every last American job.We're going to show ourselves and the world again what a strong and growing American economy looks like.We are going to give major tax relief to every worker and small business in this country, bring thousands of new companies and millions of new jobs back to our shores  and unleash an American Energy Revolution.We will also be appointing justices who will defend our Constitution.I will nominate men and women to the court who meet the high standard of Antonin Scalia, judges who have the wisdom and integrity to follow the law and not just make it up.Above all, these next four years, I will be uncompromising in the defense of the United States and our friends and allies. We are going to end the era of nation-building, and create a new foreign policy  joined by our partners in the Middle East  that is focused on destroying ISIS and Radical Islamic Terrorism. We will extend the hand of friendship to any nation that will work with us in good faith on this vital mission.At the same time, we will change our immigration screening procedures to help keep terrorists and extremists out of our country. That includes stopping the influx of Syrian refugees. My opponent wants a 550% increase. I, on the other hand, want to build a safe zone overseas  and use the money saved to invest in America.It is time to create a New American Future  for you, your children, and all American children yet to come.In this future, we will have an honest government  and that includes an honest State Department, not Pay-For-Play. Government access and favors will no longer be for sale, and important email records will no longer be deleted and digitally bleached.We will also have an efficient and responsible federal budget  no more waste, no more throwing away taxpayer dollars.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.It will be an inclusive society, one that offers hope and opportunity to every part of this country  including our inner cities. We will ensure that every child in this land, including African-American and Hispanic child, is put on the American ladder of success: a good education, and a great job.We will follow the noble example of our military men and women, working selflessly across all difference races and incomes and backgrounds, to achieve unity and accomplish amazing things.Ladies and gentlemen of the American Legion, I ask today for the honor of your vote. Working in unison, we can deliver the real American change our country so desperately needs.We will make America Strong Again.We will Make America Proud Again.We will Make America Safe Again.We will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God bless.
"Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you."Well, that's so nice. And, Bishop Jackson, I want to thank you and Dr. Jackson and you have some voice, I have to say. Incredible. And some spirit, some spirit. Talent."Thank you. Well, I just wrote this the other day knowing I'd be here. And, I mean it from the heart and I'd like to just read it and I think you'll understand it maybe better than I do in certain ways."For centuries, the African-American church has been the conscience of our country. So true. It's from the pews and pulpits and Christian teachings of black churches all across this land that the Civil Rights movement lifted up its soul and lifted up the soul of our nation. It's from these pews that our nation has been inspired toward a better moral character, a deeper concern for mankind, and spirit of charity and unity that binds us all together. And we're bound together and I see that today. This has been an amazing day for me."The African-American faith community has been one of God's greatest gifts to America and to its people. There is perhaps no action our leaders can take that would do more to heal our country and support our people than to provide a greater platform to the Black churches and church-goers. You do right everyday by your community and your families. You raise children in the Light of God; I will always support your church, always. And defend your right to worship . . . so important."I am here today to listen to your message and I hope that my presence here will also help your voice to reach new audiences in our country and many of these audiences desperately need your spirit and your thought. I can tell you that."Christian faith is not the past but the present and the future. Make it stronger. And we'll open it up to great, great leaders like Pastor Jackson, Bishop Jackson, Dr. Jackson, and so many others. And so many others actually sitting here. Darrell Scott, who is phenomenal, who has been with me for so long. So long. Omrosea, who is a very nice person and I don't want to say that. Because I'll destroy her image by saying that. She's actually a very, very fine person and pastor. And I want to thank all the folks and there is somebody that's been very special to me, Dr. Ben Carson who's been . . . Stand up, Ben. Come here, come here. Come here, Ben. This is a great man and great guy."So, as I prepare to campaign all across the nation, and in every community, I will have an opportunity to lay out my plans for economic change. Which will be so good for Detroit and so good for this community because we're going to bring jobs back. I will have a chance . . . Thank you. We're bringing them back. We're taking them from Mexico and everywhere else because they're gone."I will have a chance to discuss school choice. Its very important. And how to put every American on the ladder of success. A great education, a great job. But today, I just want to let you know that I am here to listen to you and I have been doing that. And we had a fantastic interview with Bishop Jackson. It was really an amazing interview. He is better than the people who do that professionally. I will tell you. It's true. It's true. It's true. He's better."And I didn't really know what I was getting into. I didn't know. Is this going to be nice? Is this going to be wild? He's a great gentleman and a very smart guy. I just hope you don't lose him to Hollywood. That's the only problem. And especially, and especially Dr. Jackson, she may be gone. Hollywood is calling. Look at all those television cameras back there. Look at all the television cameras. I'm sorry to do that to you, Bishop. Because, it's just one of those things, right?"Our nation is too divided. We talk past each other, not to each other and those who seek office do not do enough to step into the community and learn what is going on. They don't know. They have no clue. I'm here today to learn. So that we can together remedy injustice, in any form. And so that we can also remedy economics so that the African-American community can benefit economically through jobs and income and so many other different ways."Our political system has failed the people and works only to enrich itself. I want to reform that system so that it works for you, everyone in this room. I believe true reform can only come from outside the system. I really mean that. Being a businessman is much different than being a politician because I understand what is happening. And we are going outside the establishment."Becoming the nominee of the Party of Abraham Lincoln  a lot of people don't realize that Abraham Lincoln, the great Abraham Lincoln was a Republican  has been the greatest honor of my life. It is on his legacy that I hope to build the future of the Party but more important the future of the country and the community."I believe that we need a Civil Rights agenda for our time. One that ensures the rights to a great education  so important  and the right to live in safety and in peace and to have a really, really great job. A good paying job and one that you love going to every morning. That can happen. We need to bring our companies back."It also means the right to have a government that protects our works and fights, really fights for our jobs. I want to help you build and rebuild Detroit. And we can do that especially with people like Bishop Jackson and Dr. Jackson. I mean that. It's been an amazing experience. It's been an amazing experience. Really."Nothing is more sad than when we sideline young black men with unfulfilled potential, tremendous potential. I met some people this morning that are incredible people and they're looking for jobs. These are incredible people . . . young people. Our whole country loses out when we're unable to harness the brilliance and the energy of these folks"We're one nation and when anyone hurts, we all hurt together. That is so true. So true."We're all brothers and sisters and we're all created by the same God. We must love each other and support each other and we are in this all together. All together."I fully understand that the African-American community has suffered from discrimination and that there are many wrongs that must still be made right and they will be right. I want America prosperous for everyone. I want to make this city the economic envy of the world and we can do that. We can do that again."Factories everywhere, new roads and bridges, new schools  especially schools  and new hope."I have been so greatly blessed, and in so many ways, with no greater blessing than my family. I've had a great family."Nothing would make me happier and more fulfilled than to use what I have learned in business and in traveling all over the world  I've sort of seen a lot  to bring the wealth and prosperity and opportunity to those who have not had these opportunities before. And that's many, many people in Detroit."When I see wages falling, people out of work, I know the hardships this inflicts and I am determined to do something about it. I will do something about it. I do get things done, I will tell you. Some people have strengths, that's one of my strengths, I get things done. I'm going to get things done for you."Please know this, for any who are hurting, things are going to turn around.Tomorrow will be better. Much better. The Pastor and I were talking about, riding up the street, how we see all those closed stores and people sitting down on the sidewalk, and no jobs, and no activity. We'll get it turned around. We'll get it turned around, Pastor. Believe me."We're going to win again as a country and we're going to win again for all of our people. I want to work with you to renew the bonds of trust between citizens and the bonds of faith that make our nation strong. America has been lifted out of many of its most difficult hours through the miracle of faith and through people like Bishop Jackson and Dr. Jackson. So important. People have no idea how important they are."Now, in these hard times for our country, let us turn again to our Christian heritage to lift up the soul of our nation. I am so deeply grateful to be here today and it is my prayer that the America of tomorrow  and I mean that  that the America oftomorrow will be one of unity, togetherness, and peace. And perhaps we can add the word prosperity. Ok? Prosperity."I'd like to conclude with a passage from 1 John, Chapter 4. You know it? See, most groups I speak to don't know that. But we know it. If you want, we can say it together: 'No one has ever seen God, but if we love one another, God lives in us and His love is made complete in us.' And that is so true."Thank you very much. This has been such an honor. Thank you very much. Bishop, thank you sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you."
Thank you. It's great to be back in North Carolina.In 62 days, we are going to win this state  and we are going to win the White House.This is our chance to end years of injustice, corruption and betrayal.This is our chance to solve all of the problems that have gone unsolved for so many years.For how long have people been saying Washington is broken and controlled by special interests?This is the year we can finally fix it.That's because change has to come from outside of our broken and corrupt system.We will never fix our rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place.We will never solve our problems by relying on the politicians who created our problems.So to every American who has been waiting for real change, your wait is over  your moment of liberation is at hand. A vote for Trump is a vote to restore Democracy, to heal our economy, and to bring millions of jobs back into every forgotten stretch of this country.The change will begin my first day in office.First, we are going to eliminate every unconstitutional executive order and restore the rule of law to our land.Then, we are going to begin implementing plans for construction of a wall along our southern border. This will keep out the violent cartels and gangs, as well as their drugs that are poisoning our youth.But that's just the beginning.I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. Under Senate rules, that bill can be passed with 51 votes  meaning a Republican Congress and a Republican President can save Americans from this disaster in a single afternoon.It's going to be a very busy first day.I am going to instruct the Department of State to immediately suspend the Syrian refugee resettlement program and develop plans for the construction of a safe zone in the region. My opponent wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. She is running to be America's Angela Merkel.I am also going to notify all countries that refuse to take back dangerous illegal immigrants who have committed crimes in this country that they will lose access to our visa programs if they continue to do so. This is the measure that is called for under current law, and I will enforce it.The Secretary of State is required to take this action, but Hillary Clinton refused to do so  resulting in thousands of criminal aliens being released into U.S. communities.Furthermore, I will direct every agency in government to begin identifying all wasteful job-killing regulations and they are going to be removed  this will include lifting the restrictions on American energy.I will also notify our NAFTA partners of my intention to renegotiate the deal, and will withdraw from the TPP before it can be ratified. We are going to bring these jobs back to North Carolina.Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA, she supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, and she supported the TPP. She just does whatever her donors tell her to do.In a Trump Administration, we will negotiate trade deals on behalf of American workers  not on behalf of global corporations.We will work to ensure farmers in North Carolina have the tools they need to thrive at home and compete on a level playing field in foreign markets  and that means negotiating fair trade deals that put America First.Crucially, I am also going to convene my top generals and give them a simple instruction: they will have 30 days to submit to the Oval Office a plan for defeating ISIS. Any nation who shares in this goal will be our friend in this mission.For years, we have been caught up in endless wars and conflicts under the leadership of failed politicians and a failed foreign policy establishment in Washington D.C. The same people who made every wrong decision in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Egypt, China and Russia are the same people who are advising Hillary Clinton.I am proud instead to have the support of our warfighting generals, active duty military officers, and top military experts who know how to win  and know how to keep us out of endless war.Today, 88 retired U.S. generals and admirals signed a letter of endorsement.That's one of the biggest differences between me and Hillary Clinton. She favors what has been called military adventurism  rushing to invade countries, displacing millions of families, then inviting the refugees into our country  creating power vacuums filled by terrorist groups like ISIS.I believe in a foreign policy based on our national interests that focuses on American security and regional stability  instead of using our military to create Democracies in countries with no Democratic history.We will work to form partnerships overseas based on a long-term strategy of defeating Radical Islamic Terrorism.We will first have to reverse the damage inflicted by Hillary Clinton  her legacy of failure in the Middle East, Russia and Asia has made Americans less safe than ever before.As part of our plan to avoid and prevent foreign conflicts, we are going to rebuild our depleted military. This is the ultimate deterrent.We will be guided by those three famous words: Peace Through Strength.I will ask Congress to eliminate the sequester and immediately re-invest in our military. Right now, we have the smallest air force since 1947, the smallest army since 1939, and one of the smallest Navy's since 1917.Like the Cold War, we also need to fight this battle by collecting intelligence and then protecting our classified secrets. Hillary Clinton has taught us all how much of a problem we have with cyber-security.We can't have someone in the Oval Office who doesn't understand the meaning of the word confidential.The new revelations about Hillary Clinton from the just-released FBI documents make more clear than ever that she fails to meet the minimum standard for running for public office. If she applied for a low-level job at the State Department today she couldn't even get a security clearance.Her conduct is disqualifying.Let's run through what we discovered in those FBI documents. It's important, and we're hoping Matt Lauer will ask about it on Wednesday night at the Townhall.It's clear from the FBI report that Hillary Clinton lied about her handling of confidential information. She repeatedly told the country that she understood the classified system, then she told the FBI she didn't understand that the letter "C" meant confidential in the documents she emailed.On 39 separate occasions she said she couldn't recall details about her mishandling of classified information, and she couldn't even name one step she took to make sure foreign hackers couldn't get into her server. Keep in mind, that her insecure emails included emails about the drone program.It's also clear from the FBI report that Hillary Clinton and her top aides knowingly destroyed evidence and covered-up their actions. After her private server was revealed last March, her staff deleted all the emails and wiped it clean using a software designed to prevent any recovery, called BleachBit.They used hammers to destroy phones so they couldn't be turned over later  and by the way, who uses 12 different phones in 4 years? The only people who use that many phones are usually involved in very, very shady activity.People who have nothing to hide don't smash phones with hammers. People who have nothing to hide don't bleach their emails, or destroy evidence to keep it from being publicly archived as required under federal law.Hillary Clinton failed to turn over thousands of documents, then tried to shield her criminal conduct by having her chief-of-staff declare herself to be Hillary Clinton's private attorney.Hillary and her top aides told the FBI and others in related lawsuits that they couldn't recall or remember key facts hundreds of different times  and that's in addition to the guy who set up the server pleading the 5th.No one takes all the risks Hillary Clinton took unless they are trying to cover up massive crimes.Hillary Clinton was using the State Department to dole out special favors and access to her friends and donors.It's called pay-for-play.One example of pay-for-play is what the Clinton's did in Haiti. Let me stop here for a second and say how much we love and appreciate the Haitian-American community in Florida and across our country. We send our prayers to the many still suffering in Haiti from the earthquake.But while Haiti has suffered, the Clintons and their pals have cashed in.Bill and Hillary's brothers have signed housing deals in Haiti, and one wound up on the board of a gold mining company.Clinton Foundation donors have seen the Clintons pave the way for their investments.In one deal, Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers' rights set up what amounts to a sweat shop in Haiti.The facility has produced only a fraction of the jobs it promised and faces reports of wage theft.People are asking: where did all the money go?This November, it is up to the American people to stop the Clintons from raiding America the way they have raided so many other people and places.One of the groups in America that have been harmed the most by Hillary Clinton's policies are African-Americans. She sees them only as votes, not as people worthy of a better future.Many African-Americans have succeeded so greatly in this country, we will honor and protect their achievements. That includes lowering taxes for our small business owners to fifteen percent.But millions of African-Americans in our inner cities remain trapped in poverty, joblessness and failing schools.The Democratic Party has run the inner cities for fifty, sixty, seventy years and more.4 in 10 African-American children in poverty, including 45% of those under the age of six.58% of African-American youth are not working.2,900 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Nationwide, African-Americans are nearly 60% of the murder victims under the age of 22.This is a national crisis  and anybody who fails to understand that is not fit to seek the Presidency of the United States.To those suffering in crime and poverty, I say: give Donald J. Trump a chance. What do you have to lose by embracing our platform of change? We are going to bring back your jobs, rebuild your cities, and give parents and students school choice. I will never, ever, ever take you for granted.We are going to push a new Civil Rights agenda. We believe every American has the right to a safe community, a great education and government that protects their jobs.This weekend, I had the honor to join a church service in Detroit at the Great Faith Ministries International with the amazing Bishop Wayne Jackson. It was an incredible and deeply moving experience.I will fight for Detroit, for Chicago, for Baltimore, and for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Let me quote the same passage from the Bible I read on Saturday, from 1 John 4: "No one has ever seen God; but, if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us."Imagine what we our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a New American Future.In this future, we will respect the dignity of all Americans  and that means great jobs, great schools, and great neighborhoods.We will keep our children safe  which requires secure borders, a strong military, and supporting law enforcement.Jobs will return, prosperity will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.Government corruption will end  and the State Department will answer to the voters, not Hillary Clinton's donors.Republicans are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and, come November 8th, we will once again have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Today, I am here to talk about three crucial words that should be at the center of our foreign policy: Peace Through Strength.We want to achieve a stable, peaceful world with less conflict and more common ground.I am proposing a new foreign policy focused on advancing America's core national interests, promoting regional stability, and producing an easing of tensions in the world. This will require rethinking the failed policies of the past.We can make new friends, rebuild old alliances, and bring new allies into the fold.I'm proud to have the support of warfighting generals, active duty military, and the top experts who know both how to win  and how to avoid the endless wars we are caught in now. Just yesterday, 88 top Generals and Admirals endorsed my campaign.In a Trump Administration, our actions in the Middle East will be tempered by realism. The current strategy of toppling regimes, with no plan for what to do the day after, only produces power vacuums that are filled by terrorists.Gradual reform, not sudden and radical change, should be our guiding objective in that region.We should work with any country that shares our goal of destroying ISIS and defeating Radical Islamic terrorism, and form new friendships and partnerships based on this mission. We now have an Administration, and a former Secretary of State, who refuse to say Radical Islamic Terrorism.Immediately after taking office, I will ask my generals to present to me a plan within 30 days to defeat and destroy ISIS.This will require military warfare, but also cyber warfare, financial warfare, and ideological warfare  as I laid out in my speech on defeating Radical Islamic terrorism several weeks ago.Instead of an apology tour, I will proudly promote our system of government and our way of life as the best in the world  just like we did in our campaign against communism during the Cold War.We will show the whole world how proud we are to be American.At the same time, immigration security is a vital part of our national security.We only want to admit people to our country who will support our values and love our people.These are the pillars of a sound national security strategy.Unlike my opponent, my foreign policy will emphasize diplomacy, not destruction. Hillary Clinton's legacy in Iraq, Libya, and Syria has produced only turmoil and suffering. Her destructive policies have displaced millions of people, then she has invited the refugees into the West with no plan to screen them.Including Veteran healthcare costs, the price of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could total $6 trillion, according to a report in the Washington Examiner. Yet, after all this money spent and lives lost, Clinton's policies as Secretary of State have left the Middle East in more disarray than ever before.Meanwhile, China has grown more aggressive, and North Korea more dangerous and belligerent. Russia has defied this Administration at every turn. Putin has no respect for President Obama or Hillary Clinton.Sometimes it has seemed like there wasn't a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton didn't want to invade, intervene or topple. She is trigger-happy and unstable when it comes to war.Hillary Clinton is just reckless  so reckless, in fact, she put her emails on an illegal server that our enemies could easily hack. Then Clinton's team used a technology called bleachbit to acid wash her emails. They even took a hammer to some of her 13 phones, to cover her tracks and obstruct justice. These email records were destroyed after she received a subpoena to turn them over.In the FBI report, she claimed she couldn't recall important information on 39 occasions.She can't even remember whether she was trained in classified information, and said she didn't even know the letter "C" means confidential.If she can't remember such crucial events and information, she is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.Her conduct is simply disqualifying.She talks about her experience, but Hillary Clinton's only foreign policy experience is "failure." Everywhere she got involved, things got worse.Let's look back at the Middle East at the very beginning of 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn-in.Libya was stable.Syria was under control.Egypt was ruled by a secular President and an ally of the United States.Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence. The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished.Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.Fast-forward to today. What have the decisions of Obama-Clinton produced?Libya is in ruins, our ambassador and three other brave Americans are dead, and ISIS has gained a new base of operations.Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war. ISIS controls large portions of territory. A refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States. And hundreds of thousands are dead.In Egypt, terrorists have gained a foothold in the Sinai desert, near the Suez Canal, one of the most essential waterways in the world.Iraq is in chaos, and ISIS is on the loose.ISIS has spread across the Middle East, and into the West.Iran, the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism, is now flush with $150 billion dollars in cash released by the United States  plus another $1.7 billion dollars in cash ransom payments. In other words, our country was blackmailed and extorted into paying this unheard-of amount of money.Worst of all, the Nuclear deal puts Iran, the number one state sponsor of Radical Islamic terrorism, on a path to nuclear weapons.This is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy legacy.But that's not all. President Obama and Hillary Clinton have also overseen deep cuts in our military, which only invite more aggression from our adversaries.History shows that when America is not prepared is when the danger is greatest. We want to deter, avoid and prevent conflict through our unquestioned military strength.Under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, defense spending is on track to fall to its lowest level as a share of the economy since the end of World War II. We currently have the smallest Army since 1940. The Navy is among the smallest it has been since 1915. And the Air Force is the smallest it has been since 1947.When Ronald Reagan left office, our Navy had 592 ships. When Barack Obama took office, it had 285 ships. Today, the Navy has just 276 ships.The average Air Force aircraft is 27 years-old. We have 2nd generation B-52 bombers  their fathers flew the same plane.Our Army has been shrinking rapidly, from 553,000 soldiers in 2009 to just 479,000 today.In 2009, our Marine Corps had 202,000 active Marines. Today, it's just 182,000.Our ship count is below the minimum of 308 that the Navy says is needed to execute its current missions. President Obama plans to reduce the Army to 450,000 troopswhich would hamstring our ability to defend the United States.It takes 22 years on average to field a major new weapons system.In 2010, the US spent $554 billion on non-war base defense spending.In the current year, we are spending $548 billion  a cut of 10% in real inflation-adjusted dollars. This reduction was done through what is known as the sequester, or automatic defense budget cuts. Under the budget agreement, defense took half of the cuts  even though it makes up only one-sixth of the budget.As soon as I take office, I will ask Congress to fully eliminate the defense sequester and will submit a new budget to rebuild our military.This will increase certainty in the defense community as to funding, and will allow military leaders to plan for our future defense needs.As part of removing the defense sequester, I will ask Congress to fully offset the costs of increased military spending. In the process, we will make government leaner and more responsive to the public.I will ask that savings be accomplished through common sense reforms that eliminate government waste and budget gimmicks  and that protect hard-earned benefits for Americans.Government-wide, improper government payments are estimated to exceed $135 billion per year, and the amount of unpaid taxes is estimated to be as high as $385 billion.We can also reduce the size of the federal bureaucracy through responsible workforce attrition  that is, when employees retire, they can be replaced by a smaller number of new employees.We can also stop funding programs that are not authorized in law. Congress spent $320 billion last year on 256 expired laws. Removing just 5 percent of that will reduce spending by almost $200 billion over 10 years.The military will not be exempt either  the military bureaucracy will have to be trimmed as well.Early in my term, I will also be requesting that all NATO nations promptly pay their bills, which many are not doing right now. Only 5 NATO countries, including the United States, are currently meeting the minimum requirement to spend 2% of GDP on defense.Additionally, I will be respectfully asking countries such as Germany, Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia to pay more for the tremendous security we provide them.Finally, we will have at our disposal additional revenues from unleashing American energy. The Institute for Energy Research cites a "short-run" figure of as much as $36 billion annually from increased energy production.Using these new funds, I will ask my Secretary of Defense to propose a new defense budget to meet the following long-term goals:We will build an active Army of around 540,000, as the Army's chief of staff has said he needs. We now have only 31 Brigade Combat Teams, or 490,000 troops, and only one-third of combat teams are considered combat-ready.We will build a Marine Corps based on 36 battalions, which the Heritage Foundation notes is the minimum needed to deal with major contingencies  we have 23 now.We will build a Navy of 350 surface ships and submarines, as recommended by the bipartisan National Defense Panel  we have 276 ships now.And we will build an Air Force of at least 1,200 fighter aircraft, which the Heritage Foundation has shown to be needed to execute current missions  we have 1,113 now.We will also seek to develop a state of the art missile defense system.Under Obama-Clinton, our ballistic missile defense capability has been degraded at the very moment the US and its allies are facing a heightened missile threat from states like Iran and North Korea. As these potential adversaries grow their missile programs, US military facilities in Asia and the Middle East, as well as our allies, are increasingly in range, with the United States homeland also potentially threatened.We propose to rebuild the key tools of missile defense, starting with the Navy cruisers that are the foundation of our missile defense capabilities in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. The Obama-Clinton administration tried repeatedly to remove our cruisers from service, then refused to modernize these aging ships.We will start by modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs; this will cost around $220 million per modernization as we seek to modernize a significant portion of these 22 ships.As we expand our Navy toward the goal of 350 ships, we will also procure additional modern destroyers that are designed to handle the missile defense mission in the coming years.Accomplishing this military rebuild will be a fifty-state effort every state in the union will be able to take part in rebuilding our military and developing the technologies of tomorrow.In addition, we will improve the Department of Defense's cyber capabilities. Hillary Clinton has taught us all how vulnerable we are to cyber hacking.Which is why one of the first things we must do is to enforce all classification rules, and enforce all laws relating to the handling of classified information.Hillary Clinton put her emails on a secret server to cover-up her pay-for-play scandals at the State Department. Nothing threatens the integrity of our Democracy more than when government officials put their public office up for sale.We will also make it a priority to develop defensive and offensive cyber capabilities at our U.S. Cyber Command, and recruit the best and brightest Americans.One of my first directives after taking office will be asking the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and all relevant federal departments, to conduct a thorough review of United States cyber defenses and identify all vulnerabilities  in our power grid, our communications systems, and all vital infrastructure. I will then ask for a plan to immediately protect those vulnerabilities. At the same time, we will invest heavily in offensive cyber capabilities to disrupt our enemies, including terrorists who rely heavily on internet communications.These new investments in cybersecurity, and the modernization of our military, will spur substantial new job creation in the private sector and help create the jobs and technologies of tomorrow.America must be the world's dominant technological powerhouse of the 21st century, and young Americans  including in our inner cities  should get these new jobs.We must also ensure that we have the best medical care, education and support for our military service members and their families  both when they serve, and when they return to civilian life.Our debt to our men and women in uniform is eternal.To all those who have served this nation, I say: I will never let you down.We will protect those who protect us.And we will follow their example of unity. We will work across all racial and income lines to create One American Nation.Together, we will have one great American future.We will be one people, under one God, saluting one American flag.America will be a prosperous, generous and inclusive society.We will discard the failed policies and division of the past, and embrace true American change to rebuild our economy, rebuild our inner cities, and rebuild our country.We will bring back our jobs.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we will make America great again.
Thank you. It's great to be here today.In particular, I want to thank Mr. Ron Packard and Ms. Deborah Mays for hosting me at their school.Today, we are going to discuss one of the most important issues in this campaign: school choice.But before we do, I want to briefly discuss new revelations about Hillary Clinton's emails. According to the FBI report: "The FBI did find that hostile foreign actors gained access to the personal email accounts of individuals with whom Clinton was in regular contact, and, in doing so, obtained emails sent to or received by Clinton on her personal account."Remember, Hillary Clinton was emailing about the drone program  among many other extremely sensitive matters.This is yet more evidence that Hillary Clinton is unfit to be commander-in-chief. By the way, the whole country saw how unfit she was at the Townhall last night, where she refused to take accountability for her failed policies in the Middle East that have produced millions of refugees, unleashed the horror of radical Islamic terrorism, and made us less safe than ever before.Throughout it all, she put the entire country at risk in order to cover-up her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State. These include scandals like giving up our uranium to Russia, doing favors for UBS bank, and selling contracts to friends and family in Haiti.It's all about hiding her criminal enterprise at the Clinton Foundation.As part of her criminal cover-up, Hillary Clinton's staff digitally bleached her emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena. Her staff also destroyed some of her 13 different phones with a hammer.Then, when she was interviewed by the FBI, she claimed she couldn't remember important events 39 times. She couldn't even remember whether she was trained on handling classified information. She even said she didn't know that the letter "C" stood for confidential classified information.All the while, as Hillary and Bill raked in millions of dollars from special interests, the world fell apart. Hillary Clintons' policies produced ruin in Libya, Iraq, and Syria. She failed in Russia, in China, in North Korea.Her policies unleashed ISIS, spread terrorism, and put Iran on the path to nuclear weapons  not to mention the ransom payments.On top of it all, Hillary Clinton is trigger-happy. She's raced to invade, intervene, and topple regimes. She believes in globalism, not Americanism.Last night, she even falsely said no American died in Libya. Then she also falsely said there's no ground troops in Iraq, even though we have 5,000 military personnel there right now.Iraq is one of the biggest differences in this race. I opposed going in, and I opposed the reckless way Hillary Clinton took us out  letting ISIS fill the void.But I was opposed to the war from the beginning.Long after Howard Stern, but three months before the Iraq war started, I said, in an interview with Neil Cavuto, that "perhaps [we] shouldn't be doing it yet," and that "the economy is a much bigger problem as far as the President is concerned."Then, On March 25th of 2003, just days after the war started, I was quoted as saying the war is "a mess," yet more clear evidence that I had opposed the war from the start.In July of 2003, I said that "I would love to see New York City and some of the cities and some of the states get some of the money that`s going toward Iraq and other places, because you know, they really need and it they need it badly." I had a number of quotes to this effect.Then, in August of 2004, very early in the conflict, I made a detailed statement to Esquire magazine."Look at the war in Iraq and the mess that we're in. I would never have handled it that way. Does anybody really believe that Iraq is going to be a wonderful democracy where people are going to run down to the voting box and gently put in their ballot and the winner is happily going to step up to lead the country? C'mon. Two minutes after we leave, there's going to be a revolution, and the meanest, toughest, smartest, most vicious guy will take over.What was the purpose of the whole thing? Hundreds and hundreds of young people killed. And what about the people coming back with no arms and no legs? Not to mention the other side. All those Iraqi kids who've been blown to pieces. And it turns out that all of the reasons for the war were blatantly wrong. All this for nothing!I would have been tougher on terrorism. Bin Laden would have been caught long ago."Had I been in Congress at the time of the invasion, I would have cast a vote in opposition. For years, I have been a critic of the kind of reckless foreign invasions and interventions that have been the Hallmark of Hillary Clinton's failed career.Here is the bottom line: I was a private citizen. I had no access to the briefings that Hillary Clinton had. But in Iraq, my judgement was right and hers was wrong.Hillary Clinton is always complaining about what's wrong, but she's been there for more than 30 years and has never done anything about it  all you have to do is look at New York State, when she was a Senator. All talk, but nothing happened.We're on track to spend $6 trillion altogether on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.Meanwhile, massive portions of our country are in a state of disrepair.It's time to rebuild America.Too many Americans living in our inner cities have not been included in the American Dream.We are one nation, and when any part of our country hurts  our whole country hurts.My goal as President will be to ensure that every child in this nation  African-American, Hispanic-American, all Americans  will be placed on the ladder of success: a great education, and a great job.That ladder rests on a fundamental foundation: safety.In order to help our children succeed, our first duty is to ensure that every kid in America can grow up in a safe community.You can't have prosperity without security.This is the new civil rights agenda of our time. The right to a safe community, a quality education, and a secure job.Our campaign represents the long-awaited chance to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a New American Future.There is no failed policy more in need of urgent change than our government-run education monopoly.The Democratic Party has trapped millions of African-American and Hispanic youth in failing government schools that deny them the opportunity to join the ladder of American success.It is time to break-up that monopoly.I want every single inner city child in America who is today trapped in a failing school to have the freedom  the civil right  to attend the school of their choice. This includes private schools, traditional public schools, magnet schools and charter schools which must be included in any definition of school choice.Our government spends more than enough money to easily pay for this initiative  with billions left over. It's simply a matter of putting students first, not the education bureaucracy.Let's run through the numbers.At the state and federal level, the United States spends more than $620 billion on K-12 education each year. That's an average of about $12,296 for every student enrolled in our elementary and secondary public schools.The federal government pays for about 10 percent$64 billion, to be preciseof the K-12 costs. That $64 billion makes up about half of the total spending of the U.S. Department of Education.The other roughly $570 billion spent on K-12 education comes from the states.We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world. Yet, our students perform near the bottom of the pack for major large advanced countries.Our largest cities spend some of the largest amounts of money on public schools.New York City spends $20,226 dollars per pupil.Baltimore spends $15,287 dollars per student.Chicago spends $11,976 dollars per student, and in Los Angeles it is $10,602.Just imagine if each student in these school systems was given a scholarship for this amount of money  allowing them and their family to choose the public or private school of their choice.Not only would this empower families, but it would create a massive education market that is competitive and produces better outcomes.These schools would then cater to the needs of the individual student and family  not the needs of the Teachers' Union. There is no more important job than a teacher, and teachers will benefit greatly from these reforms.The current government monopoly, while great for the bureaucrats, has utterly failed too many students.According to the National Assessment of Education Progress, only 1 in 6 African-American students in the eighth grade are considered proficient in math and reading.Failing schools then contribute to failing economies.In Los Angeles the official unemployment rate for African-American men is almost 20.7 percent. In Baltimore, it is 16.2 percent, 14.7 percent in Chicago and 10.9 percent in New York City.In Los Angeles, 26 percent of African American women live in poverty. In Baltimore, the poverty rate for African Americans is 27 percent. In New York, over 31 percent of African Americans live in poverty.Nationwide, nearly 40% of African-American children live in poverty  including 45% of children under the age of six.Our public schools are failing to put young Americans on a path to success.Meanwhile, we have all seen the tragic rise in crime in these communities  which remains one of the greatest barriers to fostering opportunity and success for America's children.Violent crime rose more than 20% in Los Angeles in 2015. Homicides in Baltimore increased by 63%. There have been nearly 3,000 victims of shootings in Chicago so far this year.Government is failing our citizens at every level.That is why I am proposing a plan to provide school choice to every disadvantaged student in America.That means parents will be able to send their kids to the desired public, private or religious school of their choice.Here is how it will work.Right now, about $1.9 billion is spent on fifty private school choice programs nationwide. These are opportunity scholarships, tax credits, and education savings accounts. This covers about 400,000 students in our country.Altogether, school choice is serving more than 3.4 million students nationwide.Charter schools, in particular, have demonstrated amazing gains and results in providing education to disadvantaged children and the success of these schools will be a top priority for my Administration.They also produce competition that causes better outcomes for everyone.My first budget will immediately add an additional federal investment of $20 billion towards school choice. This will be done by reprioritizing existing federal dollars.Specifically, my plan will use $20 billion of existing federal dollars to establish a block grant for the 11 million school age kids living in poverty.We will give states the option to allow these funds to follow the student to the public or private school they attend. Distribution of this grant will favor states that have private school choice and charter laws, encouraging them to participate.This $20 billion will instantly extend choice to millions more students.A state like Ohio will benefit greatly from these new funds. Ohio is a leader in school choice. Ohio has 5 private school choice programs that serve over 30,000 students, and 384 charter schools serving 123,844 students.But the $20 billion is only the beginning. As President, I will establish the national goal of providing school choice to every American child living in poverty.That means that we want every disadvantaged child to be able to choose the local public, private, charter or magnet school that is best for them and their family.Each state will develop its own formula, but we want the dollars to follow the student.9 in 10 dollars spent on K-12 education is spent at the state and local level. To achieve this long-term goal, we will have to make this a shared national mission  to bring hope to every child in every city in this land.I will use the pulpit of the presidency to campaign for this in all 50 states, and I will call upon the American people to elect officials at the city, state and federal level who support school choice.My Administration will partner with the leadership of any inner city in America  Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit  that is willing to run a pilot program to provide school choice to every child in that community. In Baltimore, for instance, that would mean more than $15,000 funds available per student.I am confident that the politicians will not be able to suppress the will of the people anymore.If we can put a man on the moon, dig out the Panama Canal, and win two World Wars, then I have no doubt that we, as a nation, can provide school choice to every disadvantaged child in America.If the states collectively contribute another $110 billion of their own education budgets toward school choice, on top of the $20 billion in federal dollars, that could provide $12,000 in school choice funds to every K-12 student who today lives in poverty.The money will follow the student. That means the student will be able to attend the public, private, charter or magnet school of their choice  and each state will develop its own system that works best for them.As your President, I will be the nation's biggest cheerleader for school choice. I understand many stale old politicians will resist. But it's time for our country to start thinking big once again. We spend too much time quibbling over the smallest words, when we should spend our time dreaming about the great adventures that lie ahead.I will also support merit-pay for teachers, so that we reward great teachers  instead of the failed tenure system that rewards bad teachers and punishes good ones.At the same time, we have to ensure that jobs are waiting for our young kids when they graduate high school and college.My policies will add millions of new jobs to our country, especially for our African-American and Hispanic communities.My plan to lift restrictions on the production of American energy will not only make home energy bills cheaper, but it will add an estimated half a million jobs per year.By reducing radical regulation and over-taxation, we can bring thousands of new companies into our poorest communities.Crucially, my trade reforms will create a manufacturing revival in America. We have a nearly $800 billion dollar annual trade deficit with the world  that's money coming straight out of states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maine, and so many others. By ending foreign currency manipulation, product dumping, and other predatory trading practices, we will be able to open thousands of new plants and factories across America.The future is filled with limitless possibilities for our nation, and exciting opportunities for our children.All we have to do is cut our ties with the failed politics of the past. We've had a failed foreign policy. A failed education policy. A failed economic policy. And, underneath it all, a failed political system that rewards politicians for how many donors they have  or how many journalists they know  not how many Americans they help to live better lives.But the failures of the past are about to end.Those failures end beginning on November 8th.We will have One American Nation.We will be One American People.We are fighting to give every child, in every forgotten stretch of this country, the chance to live out their dreams in safety and peace.That means a safe neighborhood, a quality education, and a secure high-paying job.This is how we will rebuild our future.This is how We Will Make America Great Again  For Everyone.Thank you.
It is so great to be back in Florida, my second home. Let me also thank our good and dear friend, Chairman Jeff Miller, for joining us here today. We've worked closely together on developing much-needed reforms to take care of our Veterans.Let me open by making this very important declaration: I love this state, I love the people of this state, and together we are going to have an amazing victory in November.Decades of political failure and corruption will come swiftly to an end, and a New American Future will begin.The citizens of this country will be in charge once more.The special interests have had their day. That chapter in our history is closing.The history book is closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. A new chapter is beginning, and this chapter will be authored by you, the American people.This will be your time. You will be running the show. Not the donors, not the insiders, not the media executives.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.All we have to do is cut our ties to the bitter failures of the past, and anything becomes possible.Change is coming.All the people who've rigged the system for their own personal benefit are trying to stop our change campaign because they know that their gravy train has reached its last stop.It's your turn now. This is your time.The fact that so many encrusted old political insiders oppose our campaign is the best proof you will ever need that we are fighting for real change  not partisan change.We are fighting for all Americans  Democrats, Republicans, Independents, Conservatives, Liberals  who've been failed by this corrupt system. We're fighting for everyone who doesn't have a voice.We're also fighting for every region of this country. For every part of Florida, and every part of America. From Pensacola to Pittsburgh, from Baltimore to Baton Rouge, we are fighting for every last city and every last person in this country.Hillary Clinton is the candidate of the past.Ours is the campaign of the future.In this future, we are going to pursue new trade policies that put American workers first  and that keep jobs in our country. All the people who got NAFTA wrong, and China wrong, and who are trying to give us the Trans-Pacific Partnership  are the same failed voices pushing for Hillary Clinton.Our trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars. We've lost one-third of our manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary Clinton gave us NAFTA. China is manipulating its currency and taking our jobs. We are going to stop companies from leaving our country and keep those jobs right here in America. The era of economic surrender is over.We will also have a very strong border that stops people and drugs from illegally pouring into our country -- and we're going to build a border wall, and Mexico will pay for it.In this new future, we are going to raise your wages. Household incomes are over $4,000 less today than they were in the year 2000.My tax, trade, energy, immigration and regulation reforms will get your salaries and wages up. Hillary Clinton will continue the failed economic agenda that has only made her friends rich at your personal expense. Many people in this room tonight, and across this country, haven't seen a real wage increase in 18 years.The people getting rich off of our rigged system have sent tens of millions of dollars to Hillary Clinton  much of it to her personal bank account  to keep you from having the future you deserve.But on November 8th, you get to vote for the future you want.In this future, we are going to pursue new education policies. At the center of my plan is school choice. I want every disadvantaged child in America to be able to attend the public or private school that is right for them and their family.In this future, we are also going to keep our country out of the endless wars that have defined Hillary Clinton's career.To keep our country out of war, we will remember those three very famous words: Peace Through Strength.That means rebuilding our badly depleted military. I laid out a detailed plan this week to re-invest in our military and our troops.We are going to build a 350 ship Navy, a 540,000 soldier Army, an Air Force of 1,200 combat-ready fighter jets, and a Marine Core built on 36 Battalions. Crucially, we are also going to pursue a state-of-the-art missile defense.We will start by modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs.As we expand our Navy toward the goal of 350 ships, we will also procure additional modern destroyers that are designed to handle the missile defense mission in the coming years.Just today we were reminded of the need for missile defense after North Korea performed its fourth nuclear test since Hillary Clinton became Secretary of State.One more massive Hillary Clinton failure.Just like she failed in Iran and put them on the path to nuclear weapons.Hillary Clinton has presided over the greatest series of foreign policy failures and blunders anyone has ever seen. Her policies have produced massive global disorder.She handed Iraq over to ISIS, unleashing that terror group onto the world. ISIS would not be threatening the West today if not for the decisions Hillary Clinton made.She helped destabilize Egypt by supporting the ouster of President Mubarak in exchange for the Muslim Brotherhood. Fortunately, President El-Sisi is now in charge, but terrorists have gained a foothold in that country.She helped push Syria into a prolonged civil war by pushing regime change in that country too  without any plan for the day after.She failed with China, which has only grown more aggressive. By the way, she also let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.And of course, Hillary Clinton failed with her Russian Reset. She gave up missile defense in Poland and the Czech Republic in exchange for nothing in return. Then, she gave up 20% of U.S. uranium to Russia while those who benefited from the deal gave money to the Clintons.Let's not forget, Russia went into Crimea on President Obama's watch.Unlike Clinton and Obama, we will negotiate with Russia from a position of strength  not weakness. And weakness is all we get from President Obama and Hillary Clinton.The difference between me and my opponent on Vladimir Putin, and in all negotiations, is that I negotiate by creating leverage so I can extract a good deal for the United States.Hillary Clinton negotiates but never gets anything of value for the United States. Putin laughs at our leaders, and takes them to the cleaners again and again.That is why we will rebuild our military, strengthen our economy, and regain our position of leadership in the world  so we can negotiate from a position of great strength once again.If I cannot get a good deal for the United States, I will follow the example of Ronald Reagan and walk away. That is completely contrary to the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton negotiate which gets nothing of value for the United States, ever. They just keep losing.I will end this legacy of failure and strongly defend the interests of the United States.But I will also keep focused on the ultimate goal. We will not seek endless conflict and hostility; we won't get trapped in the failed approaches of the past. A future where America can find common ground with countries like Russia and China is a better future for our children.We will pursue these relationships with our eyes wide open, and a clear understanding of our many, many differences. I will advocate the American position with a strength and clarity President Obama and Hillary Clinton never have. No more apology tours. No more bowing to foreign powers. We proudly defend America at every single turn.America will get the respect it deserves.And if we don't, I will walk away from the deal like you've never seen anyone walk before. And, believe me, within a short while, they will come back -- but only on my terms, therefore the terms of the American people.On these principles, we will pursue our long-term goals of peace  for the sake of our kids, and for the sake of the world's future.Hillary Clinton has failed in every single country where she has ever gotten involved, and at a very high price for the world.Her policies have produced only death and destruction, not diplomacy. She's trigger-happy, pushing recklessly for regime change  but never creating or promoting stability, or advancing the core interests of the United States.Her only real achievement as Secretary of State has been getting away with her massive email scandal. She bleached, deleted and destroyed her emails after a subpoena from Congress.She lied to Congress while under oath, and smashed her phones with a hammer to keep them from getting to authorities.By the way, who has thirteen phones in the first place? Only somebody with a whole lot to hide.And we all know what Hillary Clinton was hiding. She was hiding her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.Hillary Clinton isn't just part of the corrupt establishment, she is the corrupt establishment.I just saw her press conference today where Hillary Clinton complained about all of the problems in the world. If only we'd had a competent Secretary of State who could have prevented all of these problems from happening.Throughout it all, Hillary Clinton and her Foundation raked in millions and millions of dollars from the most oppressive and brutal regimes on earth. Hillary Clinton and her Foundation have cozied up to regimes that oppress and brutalize women, that murder gays, and that violate human rights on an unimaginable scale.My Administration will be a voice for all people who are oppressed, including the millions of women being oppressed by Radical Islam.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years and produced only failure. Yet people keep giving her money and protecting her.It's the powerful protecting the powerful.The insiders fighting for insiders.I am fighting for you.All the people advising Hillary Clinton are the people responsible for the endless wars and conflicts, and the tragedies in the Middle East.I am proud to have the support of the retired generals and admirals who know how to win  and how to avoid endless war.Let me also take this moment to express our deepest thanks and gratitude to everyone who has worn the uniform, but most especially to those who have given the ultimate sacrifice for this country.There is no greater expression of love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for their country and its people.It is our duty to ensure that their sacrifices are not in vain. That means we don't issue timetables for political reasons, but that we work with our generals and our leaders to produce a real plan for victory.We will pursue a new, steady foreign policy that seeks to advance the national security interests of the United States  not a reckless, interventionist globalism that has failed this country so badly.And we will be clear in naming our enemy: Radical Islamic Terrorism.The fact that Hillary Clinton can't even say these words proves how unfit she is to lead this country. This is one single fact she can never escape.Any country that shares our goal of defeating this enemy will be our partner in this mission.We will break the cycle of regime change, and refugee crisis, that has gone on for so many years.We simply can't afford to continue down the road we are on right now.That applies to everything.Change is needed at every single level of our society.When I talk about making America Great Again, I'm talking about creating a future that includes each and every American.I want the most inclusive, generous and prosperous society we have ever had.The possibilities for our future are unlimited.The Hillary Clinton campaign is so small, so petty, so tired.If we just break from this bitter, divisive past, we can achieve anything.That also means breaking from the lies and the deceit of the Clintons. They want to scare you out of voting for change. The most recent smear comes from Bill Clinton, who said that the theme of Make America Great Again is somehow racist  now they've unearthed video footage of Bill Clinton repeatedly using this same phrase. It's just one more Clinton lie, one more desperate slander to keep the people from having the future they deserve.When I talk about Making America Great Again, I'm talking about making it Great Again for Everyone  but especially for all of the Americans who have been left behind.We are the campaign of unity, and we will deliver amazing things for all of our people.New schools, new factories, new infrastructure.Beautiful skyscrapers will rise all across this nation. We will develop Detroit, Not Beijing.Most importantly, we will fight to end the systemic poverty in our inner cities, and to lift millions of African-Americans and Hispanics out of poverty.Here, in Florida, we have such an amazing and diverse community of Hispanic-Americans  from Cuba, from Puerto Rico, from Venezuela, from Haiti, from all over.These incredible Americans will have in Donald J. Trump a President who is determined to fight for their jobs, their wages, their schools, and their futures.To all Hispanic-Americans who want better jobs and higher wages: I will be your champion.All working people, of all backgrounds and from all places, will have a true friend in Donald Trump.In particular, I have a very special place in my heart for those who make a living as tradesmen, craftsmen and construction workers.I've spent my professional life among construction workers, bricklayers, electricians and plumbers. I feel more comfortable around blue collar workers than Wall Street executives. There's a reason the hedge fund managers are funding Hillary Clinton's campaign, and not mine.My campaign is powered by my own money, but also small dollar donations from people like all of you who just want their country back.This is our chance. It's our last chance to give the people control over their own futures once again.Gleaming new plants stretching across our nation.Young Latino children getting an amazing education at the school of their choice  and their parents having their jobs protected from unfair competition.Our Veterans will get the best healthcare in the world. You can read the whole plan on our website, DonaldJTrump.com.Massive tax reductions and tax simplification  so that you can keep more of your precious time and your hard-earned money. Hillary Clinton wants to raise your taxes big time.Most importantly, 2017 will be about unity.Once again, we will be One American Nation.We Will Be One American People.Just imagine what we can accomplish together if we set aside our differences, and focus on what we have in common as Americans.We will be one people, living under One God, saluting one beautiful American Flag.We Will Make America Proud Again.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.Friends and fellow citizens, We Will Make America Great Again!
Thank you. Thank you very much. Oh, Jon. Jon is such a great actor and such a great person. He is such a great person. And he's really been with me a long time in a lot of different ways. He's been incredible. So I just want to thank Jon. And I hope he makes another movie very quickly, because I love his movies. [laughter] In particular, I wanted to thank our host, Tony Perkins, for his years of leadership. [applause] And we know all about that. And we all express our support for Tony as he deals with the aftermath of the terrible floods in Louisiana, where two weeks ago I spent some time, and I saw some incredible, incredible people.AUDIENCE MEMBER: Thank you!MR. TRUMP: Thank you. [applause] Amazing, amazing group.One of the greatest privileges of my journey has been the time I've spent with the evangelical community. And the support they gave me in those primaries was absolutely incredible, I have to tell you. [applause] All across the nation. A lot of people said: I wonder if Donald will get the evangelicals. I got the evangelicals. [cheers and applause] I'm going to make it up to you too, you watch. There are no more decent, devoted, or selfless people than our Christians brothers and sisters here in the United States. [applause] True. So true. I've witnessed that incredible generosity all across this land, gotten to know so many people. I saw it during my trip to Louisiana, where Christian volunteers raced to help their fellow citizens in need. Franklin Graham is an example. He brought the most incredible people and equipment to Louisiana. [cheers and applause] And he didn't want anything for it. He's a great man. It's that spirit of giving that we will need to rebuild Louisiana and to rebuild this country, which is in serious, serious trouble. [cheers and applause] Yet, our media culture often mocks and demeans people of faith. And you understand that. All the time I hear from concerned parents how much harder it is for a Christian family to raise their children in today's media environment.AUDIENCE MEMBER: Right!MR. TRUMP: It is right, isn't it? [laughter] Yeah, it is right. [applause] Not even close. Your values of love, charity and faith built this nation. [cheers and applause] So how can it be that our media treats people of faith so poorly? One of the reasons is that our politicians have really abandoned you, to a large extent. And Hillary Clinton, you can forget about her. [laughter and jeers]So let me say this right up front: A Trump administration, our Christian heritage will be cherished, protected, defended, like you've never seen before. [cheers and applause] Believe me. I believe it. And you believe it. And you know it. You know it. And that includes religious liberty  remember, remember. [cheers and applause] I recently had a chance to visit a church in Detroit, Great Faith Ministries International. Stand up if you're member. That's good. That was a great  that was an amazing experience. [applause] And the bishop, what a great guy. In my remarks, I spoke about how African American church  and this is all across the country  for centuries have been the conscience of our nation. Their unbreakable faith and sprit overcame some of the most difficult periods in our history, leading us all to a better future. Very true. Amazing. This was such an amazing experience. [applause] This is the power of faith. It's the power to heal. It's the power to unite. It's the power to make all of us live better lives  all of us. [cheers and applause]Our nation today is divided. Nobody likes to say it, but we're living in a very, very divided nation. It will be our faith in God and his teachings, in each other, that will lead us back to unity. [cheers and applause]Each of us here today has a role to play in bringing our country together, united in common purpose and in common values. So let's talk today about some of the things  and these are great things  that we can do together to create the American future for everybody, not just a certain group of people, but for everybody.The first thing we have to do is give our churches their voice back. It's been taken away. [cheers and applause] The Johnson amendment has blocked our pastors and ministers and others from speaking their minds from their own pulpits. If they want to talk about Christianity, if they want to preach, if they want to talk about politics, they're unable to do so. If they want to do it, they take a tremendous risk that they lose their tax-exempt status.All religious leaders should be able to freely express their thoughts and feelings  [cheers and applause]  on religious matters. And I will repeal the Johnson amendment  [cheers and applause]  if I am elected your president, I promise. [cheers and applause] So important.Thank you. That's so important.And I must tell you from the heart, this started, a building of mine in Manhattan. I had 50 pastors in a big conference room. And we actually had 50 pastors, two rabbis, a couple of priests. We were all talking. And we were there for two hours. And at the end, it was a love-fest. We all agreed. It was like a love-fest.And I said to them  we were high up in a building on 5th Avenue  and I said to them I'd love your support. And I know when I can get support. I'm quite sophisticated. [laughter] And I know they wanted to give me their total support, 100 percent, just like I had in the primaries. And I said I really would like your support. And they didn't really know what I was talking about. And I said, what's going on here? They said, well, sir, we can't do that because we would be violating the laws. And I said, what's the punishment? Well, we could lose our tax-exempt status, which, of course, is a, you know, massive penalty.I said, tell me about this. And we sat down. They talked about it. When did it happen? 1954 or so. Lyndon Johnson was having problems  powerful guy. I actually, as just own way  you have to gain respect for what he was able to do. Can you imagine that this man single-handedly  he was having problems with churches. And there was a church in Houston that was giving him a hard time, maybe for very good reason. And he put in an amendment that basically stopped our great pastors and ministers and others from talking, under the penalty of losing their tax-exempt status.So we were looking down onto the sidewalk and there were people walking on the sidewalk. And I said, so, folks, what you're telling me is those people walking way, way down there on the sidewalk have really more power than you do, because they're allowed to express their feelings and thoughts openly and without penalty. And one of the pastors, who I knew very well  and these are powerful people; these are strong people with magnificent voices and just  and magnificent hearts, much more importantly  they looked at me and they said, that's actually right. They have more power than we do. We're not allowed to express.And that's what I said. We have to start thinking about this. And I thought about it. And then we had a large group of pastors again. I said I have thought about it. If I become president, we are going to knock out the Johnson amendment. We are going to do that. And it's not going to be hard. It's not going to be hard. [cheers and applause]When you  when you think, from the standpoint of political, you have more than men  let's say men are 50 percent, women are 50 percent. You're much more than 50 percent, added together. And I actually believe that's one of the reasons why you haven't seen Christianity and other religions within the United States going like a rocket ship  like our polls have been going in the last four weeks, a rocket ship, right? [cheers and applause] I really believe that, because you're great people. The people that you rely on on Sunday and all during the week, they've been stopped from talking and speaking by a law. And we're going to get rid of that law and it's going to get rid of  we're going to get rid of it so fast.And I'm so proud to say  honestly, I don't want to take credit, but you had 50 people in that first meeting and many more in the second. I am so proud  I was just telling this to Tony  to say that was my idea. I figure it's the only way I'm getting to heaven, so this is going to be very  [laughter]  the only way. [applause] So we're going to get rid of it, and we're going to let your great people speak, and you're going to see something happen that's going to be very, very good, OK? So important.I hope  which means you have to get out and vote on November 8th. You cannot  you didn't vote four years ago. You didn't vote.AUDIENCE MEMBER: I did.MR. TRUMP: You did? Well, you did. A few of you did. [laughter] Believe me, I know. I look at the stats. You didn't vote. But this time you really have  and this is your last chance. This is it. I mean, we'll never have this opportunity again. So I hope you can get every one of your friends and just get up  your family and your friends, and get out and vote, OK? November 8th. [cheers and applause] Thank you. [cheers and applause] And if you do, we're going to win by a lot. That's not going to even be a close election. And if you don't, could be a very unhappy November 8th.We're also going to repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare  [cheers and applause]  which gives the government control over the lives of everyday citizens. And the numbers are horrendous. Your premiums are going up by 50, 60, 70 percent. The deductible is so high you never get to use it unless you are going to lead a very long and very complex bad period  very, very long. It is a disaster. It's a disaster, and everybody knows it. And it's going to die of its own weight anyway, but we're going to get rid of it and we're going to replace it with some great, great alternatives  much better health care at a much lower price. [cheers and applause]Hillary Clinton wants to have completely government-run health care, which would be a disaster for the liberties and freedoms of all America. That's what she wants. That's what she's aiming at. That's what Obama wanted. He didn't quite get there, but he got this, and you see how bad this has been.One of the biggest issues in this race is going to be the issue of school choice. [cheers and applause] And I can't possibly emphasize this enough. Millions of poor and disadvantaged students are trapped in failing schools. This education crisis afflicts all communities, but none more so than the African-American community  none. The Democratic Party has run the inner cities of America for 50, 60, 70 years, some cases over a hundred years  over a hundred years. Their policies and their politics, and in particular the politics of people like Hillary Clinton, have produced only poverty, joblessness, and rising crime.When she was running for the Senate in New York State, she said she was going to produce jobs, jobs, jobs in Upstate New York. It's a disaster. She's going to produce jobs, big thing  jobs, we're going to bring back jobs. Been a catastrophe. We've lost tens of thousands of jobs. She never did a thing. It was all talk, no action, just like what she's doing right now is all talk, no action. She'll talk and talk, and nothing will happen. Only bad will happen. But you just have to ask the people in Upstate New York. She won because of them, and she produced absolutely nothing. Jobs left. It's today one of the worst, one of the most depressing places in this country. So just remember that when you hear her talking about jobs. I know jobs. She doesn't know jobs. That I can tell you. [cheers and applause]I have outlined a new civil rights agenda for our time  the right to a safe community, a great education and a secure job. [applause]And I say to African-American parents, I say to Hispanic American parents  and I say it with great respect  our inner cities are a disaster  crime, no jobs, education is the worst, in many cases almost worldwide bad and in many cases actually worldwide bad. I say, with great respect, what do you have to lose? It can't get any worse. It can't get any worse. You choose Donald Trump, I'm going to fix the problem. You're going to have safety. [applause] You're going to have good education. We're going to get jobs, because we're going to bring our jobs back. Mexico's taking our jobs. So many other places, they're taking our jobs. What China's doing to us is horrible. We're going to have jobs. What do you have to lose? I'm going to fix this. I'm going to fix it. [cheers and applause]School choice is at the center of this civil rights agenda, and my goal is to provide every single inner-city child in America that is trapped in a failing government school the freedom to attend the school of their choice. Competition  the schools the schools will get better and better and better. [cheers and applause]And that means a private school, a religious school, a charter school or a magnet school. School choice also means that parents can home-school their children. [cheers and applause] Hundred percent.Hillary Clinton opposes school choice because she is controlled totally, totally, like a puppet, by special interests. Her policies will force millions of African-American and Hispanic children to remain stuck in failed government schools, leading to higher unemployment and more poverty. The poverty levels in this country nobody will believe, nobody will believe.My plan will break the government monopoly and make schools compete to provide the best services for our children  [applause]  including every African-American and Hispanic child in this country, every single one of them. [cheers and applause] This proposal begins with a $20 billion block grant from the federal government for states to pursue school choice programs. [applause] However  that's good, right? [applause] However, because 90 percent of education spending is at the state level, I will campaign to get the states to reallocate another $110 billion of their education budgets to school choice programs. [applause] If we do this, that would mean $12,000 in school choice funds for every disadvantaged student in America. What a difference this is going to make. The money will follow the student to the public, private or religious school that is best for them and their family. In so many ways, you're going to have choice. My administration will partner with the leadership of any inner-city  anybody  anybody in the inner cities of America willing to run a pilot program  and there will be a lot of them  to provide school choice to every child in that community. In Baltimore, for instance, that would mean more than $15,000 in funds available per student. As your president, I will be the biggest cheerleader for school choice you've ever seen. [cheers and applause] This means a lot to me, because I know it can turn things around. Again, the education can't get worse. Commo Core  we're going to end it. [cheers and applause] We're bringing education local. I will fight for every child in this country who deserve better futures. The African-American community has heard my message that I am going to make the inner city safe again, and I'm going to bring back jobs, and I'm going to bring back the great education. Don't be surprised  remember this, November 8th  don't be surprised, because we have been given a lot of support over the last three or four weeks, if on November 8th I get more African-American and Hispanic votes than anyone thought possible about a month ago. You see what's going on? [cheers and applause] They're starting  people are starting to hear about this. And they're saying, wow. Wow. They're liking it. And again, can't get any worse. It's going to get a lot better. But only if I do it. They can't do it. The Democrats, they have  what they've done is incredible. And Hillary Clinton will be absolutely more of the same  rigid. It'll never change. Remember, a hundred years, 70 years, 50  it's not going to change. Not going to happen. Now, let's talk about another issue that will define the future of this country for generations to come, the United States Supreme Court. [cheers and applause] Earlier this year, we lost the great justice, Antonin Scalia. The next president will not only have to fill this seat, but as many as four others. It could even be  I mean, we could end up with a total of five judges by one president. It would be record-setting. Probably be three. Could be four. Could even be five. And you pick the wrong people, you have a country that is no longer your country. It will be a disaster. One of the most important issues, frankly  other than maybe defense, because we're going to build up our military, it's so depleted. [cheers and applause] We're going to take care of our vets. We're going to protect your Second Amendment, so many things. But one of the most important  some people think it's actually the most important  is the filling of the seats, United States Supreme Court. You see what's happening right now? Essentially it's four and four. And you see what  how bad it is. We're going to pick great judges. I've already put a list of 11 Federalist Society, highly recommended, got uniform great reviews on these 11 people. And we are going to put truly great people. Maybe we use Judge Scalia of the ultimate example of what we're looking for, OK? [cheers and applause]This will determine whether or not we remain a constitutional republic, frankly. That's what's going to happen. I have pledged to appoint judges who uphold the Constitution, to protect your religious liberty, and apply the law as written. [cheers and applause] We reject judges who rewrite the Constitution to impose their own person views on 300 million-plus Americans. We're not going to have that. I've made public a list of judges, as I said, that will guide my selection process. Hillary Clinton has refused to provide such a list. And we brought it up. Let's see a list. You ever saw the list you would walk out of here not feeling very well. [laughter] Because she knows the extremist judges she would pick would be rejected by the overwhelming majority of the American public. They'd be rejected. Clinton's judicial picks would allow her to completely take over American health care, the American economy, and Americans religious liberty  not to mention your Second Amendment, which is on very thin ice right now, as you know, because of the fact that we're at four-and-four. If they even pick one judge who's wrong you can probably  as you know it  you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye. And we don't want to see that.Another issue in this race of great importance to everyone in this room is the issue of course of national security. Just today it was announced that North Korea performed its fifth nuclear test  its fourth since Hillary Clinton became secretary of state. It's just one more massive failure from a failed secretary of state. [cheers and applause] Failed at everything. Her policies have also put Iran onto a path of nuclear weapons, and I have to say made them overnight an absolute power. They were dying three years ago. The sanctions were choking them. They would have fallen. But Obama didn't support people that would have taken over, and I think in this case probably would have taken over the right way; had no support.But you look at what's happened to Iran in such a short period of time. But remember the ransom payments. Remember, it was $400 million two weeks ago. But then they made a mistake. This is cash. Remember, they said they paid cash because they couldn't open a bank account. There was no way of sending it into a checking account. [laughter] All lies, just like Obamacare was a big lie, remember? You can use your plan. You can use your doctors  27 times, right? Twenty-seven times. You can use your doctors, use your plan; turned out to be a lie. It's all a lie. It's all a big lie. It's a rigged system and it's a lie.And I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. The 400 million (dollars), for those that haven't been reading the papers over the last two days, turned out to be 1.7 billion (dollars) in cash  cash. And I actually said  they said, oh, that money's going to be used for terror. I said, no, they don't need it for terror. They've got 150 billion (dollars). That's in addition to the $150 billion that we're giving back. I said they don't need it. This is going into their Swiss accounts and going into their accounts. They're not going to use it for terror. They have plenty of money for terror.Think of it  $1.7 billion (dollars) in cash  massive, big vats of cash. You saw them  cartons. I never saw anything like it. I've seen a lot of cash. [laughter] Hey, never saw anything like this  $1.7 billion (dollars). Can you imagine these guys? Planes get  they stop. Remember, they wouldn't give back the hostages. They waited there for hours and hours. And Obama kept saying, no, no, this has nothing to do  even the hostages said they kept us waiting for a certain plane to come in, not to take them back, because they were waiting for something. It was this  just another lie.But can you imagine these people sitting there and they see $1.7 billion (dollars) in cash? Ai, yai, yai. They think we're stupid. [laughter] They think we're stupid. They won't be thinking it for long. [cheers and applause] Very sad. [cheers and applause]At the same time, ISIS is hunting down and exterminating what it calls the nation of the cross. ISIS is carrying out a genocide against Christians in the Middle East. We cannot let this evil continue  can 't let it. [cheers and applause] ISIS must be destroyed  have to; have no choice.To defeat ISIS, we must use military warfare, but also cyber warfare, financial warfare and ideological warfare. It's a whole different ballgame today than it was 50 years ago and 200 years ago  different world.We must also establish a bipartisan goal in the United States and an international goal with our allies of defeating radical Islamic terrorism  [cheers and applause]  words that our president won't use and words that Hillary Clinton won't use. Just like we won the Cold War by identifying our enemy and building a consensus to guide a long-term strategy, so too must we do the same with Islamic terrorism.By the way, President Obama has allowed Syrian refugees to pour into our country at unbelievable rates. And Hillary Clinton wants to allow 550 percent more. But it's almost impossible to get a Christian in from Syria. They take others, but they don't take Christians  very, very, very rare.So I said that we need to make safe zones in the region. We want to take care of people. But we absolutely cannot allow this potential tremendous threat to continue, and we have to stop this. This is going to be potentially a catastrophe for our country. It's from within. This could be the all-time great Trojan horse. This could be it.You ever notice on the  you look at the migration trail and you see people with cellphones. Cellphones. And some of the cellphones have the ISIS flag printed on them. And some of them have things far worse than that  scenes far worse than that.So it was the failed policies, you have to remember, of Hillary Clinton and Obama that unleashed ISIS in the first place. If they did the right thing, you wouldn't be talking about ISIS right now. [applause] Now she wants to get rid of  oh, we're going to get rid of them. You know, she tells them already there will be no boots on the ground. Now, even if you don't want boots on the ground, you don't want to say it. Don't say it! Now they're saying, oh, I hope she wins. Oh, boy, would they dream of having her as president. Can you  [laughter]  they dream about it every night, having Hillary Clinton. But even if you believe  and I can understand that. No boots on the ground, I can understand. You don't say it! Let them think they're going to go through hell. Don't say it! [cheers and applause]Can you imagine the great General Douglas MacArthur, can you imagine the great General George Patton, or one of our great generals that we have today  General Flynn, who's here someplace  [cheers and applause]  I love General Flynn  but can you imagine these people saying  I mean, they're basically giving out the strategy: there will be no boots on the ground. If you don't want that, I fully understand. Don't say it! Don't say it! Could you imagine MacArthur saying we're going to fight the enemy, and we're going to move our troops in in about a month, we're going to hit from behind? [laughter] We're going to hit them from the front, then  and everything they say turns out to be true? You know, I hate to say this because we have a lot of Evangelicals in this room, but maybe we shouldn't be so honest when it comes to military strategy. Does that make sense? [laughter and applause] Hope I didn't lose your vote for saying that. [applause]Just look at what her policies have left us with in Iraq, Syria and Libya. The problem is Hillary Clinton is trigger-happy. She really is. She's trigger-happy, and yet she says no boots, which is sort of  probably will be boots, you know. Probably will turn out to be another disaster. He tenure has brought us only war and destruction and death. She's just too quick to intervene, invade, or to push for regime change with people we don't even know who they are. And they take over, and they're far worse. This creates the power vacuums that are filled by terrorist and groups like ISIS.My administration, on the other hand, will work with any country that is willing to partner with us to defeat ISIS and halt radical Islamic terrorism. And by the way, that includes Russia. If they want to join us on knocking out ISIS, that is just fine as far as I'm concerned. [cheers and applause] It's a very imperfect world, and you can't always choose your friends. That's life.But you can never fail to recognize your enemies. We have some real enemies. Unfortunately for our country, our enemies probably hacked into Hillary Clinton's emails. These are the same emails she destroyed after receiving a federal subpoena. What's that? Using software in order to bleach the emails so you can never, ever see them. She even mysteriously lost 13 different phones before the FBI got them, and many were destroyed with a hammer. [laughter] Did anybody ever hit a hammer  you know, maybe two or three people, but they were just released from prison, those two people. [laughter] Can you believe this? Destroyed them with a hammer  the old-fashioned way, I guess. [laughter] The other night in the Commander in Chief Forum  did anybody see that? [cheers and applause] How did I do? [cheers] Good. Well, we have a big debate coming up. Who knows what's going to happen there? But I will say, every poll has me winning big league at the Commander in Chief. [cheers and applause] We had  the polls came out after that event and we won big league. Now we have a debate coming up. I don't imagine any of you going to be watching the debate, right? [laughter and cheers]AUDIENCE MEMBER: Don't take her bait. Don't take her bait.MR. TRUMP: I won't; I promise. Hillary Clinton answered questions on her emails horribly. That's why she lost. That's why she did so poorly. She was terrible. She was  honestly, I shouldn't be saying this  she was terrible. [laughter] She keeps talking about the emails. Every time she talks about them, she talks about them differently. [laughter] It seems each week, true, she has, like, a different answer. But there can be no answer when she deletes 33,000 emails, bleaches them so they can never be recovered  an unheard-of practice  hammers them into total silence. You know what happening. You know what's happening.I always say, getting away with that will be the single greatest accomplishment of her career. [laughter and cheers] It's true. It's true. [cheers and applause] So her answers were bad. They were bad. And a lot of people said they were so totally dishonest. And you know, she was blaming Matt Lauer. I thought Matt Lauer did a very good job. I mean, his questions to me were very tough. [applause] But the gentleman who stood up and said: Honestly, you should be in prison for what you did  [jeers]  to me, that was the tough one. [laughter] That was the tough  hey, that was a tough question. [laughter] It was sort of a question in the form of a statement, right? [laughter]Hillary Clinton is unfit to be our president, for many reasons. [cheers and applause] True. True. [cheers and applause] She's unfit for many reasons, the biggest of which is her judgement. It's just so bad. [laughter] It's time to restore honestly and integrity to our government. [applause] Have to do it. And one more issue, finally issue I want to discuss today is the economy, and helping those in need. There is no more charitable group in this country than Christians. [applause] And all of us through  and all of us here today are determined to lift suffering Americans out of poverty. Going to do it, with a lot of other people going to help. As you president, I will pursue a complete reform of our economy to bring back millions of new jobs into our country  millions of new jobs. [cheers and applause] We've lost our jobs like we're a bunch of babies. They've gone to other countries. They've gone to Mexico. They've gone to many other countries. China's taking massive advantage of us. It's all so easy, believe me. It's all so easy.That includes, we will be doing massive tax cuts for working families and for businesses. [cheers and applause] It includes, very importantly, the elimination of all needless job-killing regulations. [cheers and applause] It includes lifting the restrictions on American energy, which is under siege. [cheers and applause] I will also renegotiate NAFTA. And if they don't want to renegotiate it so it becomes a two-way highway, not just a one-way highway out of the United States for our companies and our jobs, we will terminate NAFTA, believe me. [cheers and applause] We'll stand up to China, and we're going to fight for every last job. It's going to be America first, and it's going to be the American worker first. [cheers and applause]Crucially, I will also fight for the American family and American family values. The family must be at the center of any anti-poverty agenda. Has to be. [cheers and applause] Thank you.Our country just lost one of the great champions for the American family, Phyllis Schlafly. Great woman, really great woman. [applause] We send our thoughts and prayers to her loved ones. I will be going to her funeral tomorrow in St. Louis. [cheers and applause]Phyllis fought very hard to the very end for a free and prosperous America. She understood that, to be truly united as a country, we can't simply turn to government or to politicians. The bedrock of our unity is the realization that we are all brothers and sisters created by the same God. Phyllis understood that. [cheers and applause] Phyllis understood that.And by the way, Phyllis endorsed me a long time ago, when it wasn't necessarily  [cheers]  something that was so easy to do. And she was incredible. She was so brave. She endorsed me, and that was not the thing to do at the time. People said, Trump? She said, he's going to win, you don't understand. He knows how to win. He's going to win. [applause] They said, Phyllis, not going to be Trump. And we went boom, boom, boom. But I will tell you, Phyllis endorsed me at a time when it wasn't necessarily the thing to do, even the popular thing to do, and I will never forget that. That had a huge impact. She was a great, great, powerful woman with a tremendous heart. And I look forward to being with her family tomorrow, because you really  that's a celebration. She was 92 years old. [cheers and applause]We are all equal, and we all come from the same Creator. If we remember that simple fact, then our future is truly limitless. There is nothing we as Americans can't do.There's a biblical verse that I have often read, and I want to repeat it again because I think it is so important to what we're trying to achieve right now for our country. It's from 1 John, Chapter 4: "No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us, and His love is made complete in us."AUDIENCE MEMBER: Amen.MR. TRUMP: So true. [cheers and applause] So true. [applause]Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as one people under one God, saluting one flag. [cheers and applause] It's time to stop quibbling over the smallest words and time to start dreaming about the great adventures that lie ahead for our country.This is my promise to all of you: starting in 2017, we will be one American nation. It's time to break our ties with the bitter failures of the past and to embrace a new American future. Have to do it. Together, we will make America believe again, we will make America united again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, and God bless you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause]
Thank you. I am honored to be here today. Let me extend my special gratitude to General Ashenhurst and General Hargett, and to each and every one of you.The National Guard of the United States has defended this nation at war, kept our citizens safe at home, and rushed into danger wherever it has threatened our people.Our debt to you is eternal.Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The National Guard was sent to assist in the aid and recovery efforts at Ground Zero in New York City.Since 9/11, there have been 780,000 members of the National Guard deployed overseas  including those with multiple deployments. Right now, 10,000 members of the National Guard are in Iraq, Afghanistan, and many other countries across the world.Members of the National Guard come from all walks of life, work in every kind of job imaginable, and juggle a thousand different challenges as they raise their kids, serve their states, and answer the call of duty for their country.If I am given the honor to serve as your President, I will pledge to give you the resources, the equipment, and the support you need and deserve.You will have a true and loyal friend in the White House.Whether you vote for me, or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your greatest champion. I will not let you down.I am running to be a President for all Americans  and I've been especially humbled to have the support of so many of our men and women in uniform.All across this country, I've met so many incredible members of both our military and law enforcement community. There's nothing I've enjoyed more than the time I've spent with our service members, police officers, and also our firefighters and paramedics.They embody the goodness and decency of our country.I was thus deeply shocked and alarmed this Friday to hear my opponent attack, slander, smear and demean these wonderful, amazing people who are supporting our campaign.Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. We have the support of cops and soldiers, carpenters and welders, the young and the old, and millions of working class families who just want a better future.These were the people Hillary Clinton so viciously demonized. These were among the countless Americans that Hillary Clinton called deplorable, irredeemable and un-American. She called these patriotic men and women every vile name in the book  she called them racist, sexist, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic.She called them a "basket of deplorables" in both a speech and an interview. She divides people into baskets as though they were objects, not human beings.Hillary Clinton made these comments at one of her high-dollar fundraisers in Wall Street.She and her wealthy donors all had a good laugh. They were laughing at the very people who pave the roads she drives on, paint the buildings she speaks in, and keep the lights on in her auditorium.Hillary Clinton is an insider, supported by powerful insiders, attacking Americans who have no political power.Hillary Clinton spoke with hatred and derision for the people who make this country run.She spoke with contempt for the people who thanklessly follow the rules, pay their taxes, and scratch out a living for their families.While Hillary Clinton lives a sequestered life behind gates and walls and guards, she mocks and demeans hardworking Americans who only want their own families to enjoy a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians.After months of hiding from the press, Hillary Clinton has revealed her true thoughts.She revealed herself to be a person who looks down on the proud citizens of our country as subjects for her to rule over.Her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through her Foundation.It's the same attitude that explains why Hillary Clinton refuses to take accountability for the deadly disasters she helped to create in Iraq, in Syria and in Libya.To this day, she still won't take accountability for her role in unleashing ISIS across the Middle East  or for putting Iran on the path to a nuclear weapon.Hillary Clinton believes she is above the law, that she is above accountability, and that she is above each and every one of you.Our campaign is about giving voice to the voiceless. It's about representing the forgotten men and women of this country.I'm here to represent everyone, but especially those who are struggling against injustice and unfairness.I am running so that the powerful can no longer beat up on the powerless. I'm running to take on the special interests, the big donors, and the corrupt political insiders.I am running to be your voice.Hillary Clinton is a voice for Wall Street, for hedge fund managers, for the top tenth of the one percent. Just look at the people funding Hillary Clinton's campaign, and paying for her speeches, and you'll know who she represents.The disdain that Hillary Clinton expressed towards millions of decent Americans disqualifies her from public service.You cannot run for President if you have such contempt in your heart for the American voter. You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion of its citizens.Hillary Clinton still hasn't apologized to those she slandered. In fact, she hasn't backed down at all  she's doubled-down on her campaign of conspiracy and contempt.If Hillary Clinton will not retract her comments in full, then I don't see how she can credibly campaign.Let's be clear. These were not offhand comments from Hillary Clinton. These were not stray remarks in an interview, or an accidental choice of words. These were lengthy, planned, and prepared remarks  it was perhaps the most explicit attack on the American voter ever spoken by a major-party presidential nominee.Clinton was using a very deliberate page from the Democratic Playbook  smearing someone with one of those names in order to scare them out of voting for change. She just took it to a whole new level by applying it to tens of millions of people.She used these vile words in order to bully and intimidate honest citizens out of seeking government reform.People who want their immigration laws enforced, and their borders secured, are not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs and families protected.People who warn about Radical Islamic Terrorism are not Islamophobes. They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our tolerant values and keep our country safe.People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced. They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent child is lost to preventable violence.Hillary Clinton doesn't have to worry about Sanctuary Cities, or jobs moving overseas. She's protected from her own policies.The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced failing schools, shrinking incomes, and the tragic poverty and joblessness in our inner cities.Our campaign is dedicated to changing these policies to make life better for all Americans.We are the campaign of school choice.We are the campaign dedicated to improving economic conditions for every African-American and Hispanic worker.We are the campaign that will deliver a government of, by and for the people.This change agenda includes a new foreign and military policy.We are going to put the failed policies of the past behind us.We will empower our generals to do the job they were hired to do  and that begins with defeating and destroying ISIS.Instead of endless wars, we want a real plan for victory.We will abandon the policy of reckless regime change favored by my opponent, and we will instead work with our allies to advance the core national security interests of the United States.My plan calls for a major rebuilding of the entire military, and the elimination of the defense sequester. In this rebuilding, we will provide our National Guard with the best, modern state-of-the-art equipment in the world.The National Guard is often the first and the last line of defense for our people.You are there when the hurricanes and floods and tornadoes strike.You are there to protect civilians in times of unrest.You are there to respond to every natural disaster.You deserve a government that recognizes and honors your contribution, and that ensures you have the resources you need to get the job done.In a Trump Administration, the National Guard will always have a direct line to the Oval Office.You will have an Administration that never loses sight of the vital contribution you make each and every day.You will have a President who supports, promotes and speaks up for the National Guard at every turn.The members of the National Guard have sacrificed life and limb for our freedom, our safety and our country.We will never forget our heroes, their families, and the ones they've left behind.Our gratitude is everlasting.We will protect those who protect us.And we will follow your example of unity  working in common purpose and common cause.We will be one people, under one God, saluting one American flag.We will rebuild our military  and our country.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless you all.
This is our chance  our one chance  to fix our rigged system and create prosperity for each and every American.Our vision of hope stands in stark contrast to my opponent's campaign of hate.Hillary Clinton has been running a hate-filled and negative campaign with no policy, no solutions, and no new ideas.By contrast, I've been going around the country offering detailed plans for reform.All of these reform plans are available on our website.While my opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable, I call you hardworking American patriots who love your country and want a better future for all of our people.You are mothers and fathers, soldiers and sailors, carpenters and welders. You are Democrats, Independents and Republicans.Above all else, you are Americans  and you are entitled to leadership that honors you, cherishes you and defends you.Every American is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect in our country.Whether you vote for me, or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your champion in the White House.Hillary Clinton represents only the insiders, the donors and the special interests.I will be speaking more about Hillary Clinton's disqualifying remarks in a minute, but first let me invite onto the stage some people who can tell you themselves what they think of her spiteful comments.I have some more thoughts on Clinton's remarks I will be sharing momentarily, but first I want to tell you what I am going to do to make your life better.We've outlined a detailed plan on trade, on immigration, on rebuilding the military, on changing our foreign policy.I've delivered a plan on defeating Islamic terrorism, on reforming our tax code, on unleashing American energy, and on providing school choice to every disadvantaged child in America.We've released policy after policy, solution after solution.Every day, we are putting forward new ideas to make your life better.The change will start right away, the moment I take my oath of office.On my first day, we are going to immediately terminate every single unconstitutional executive order signed by President Obama.Then, I am going to order a review of every single regulation issued over the last eight years. All needless, job-killing regulations will be cancelled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in.We are going to lift the restriction on American energy  this will create another half a million new jobs a year.That's just the beginning.On my first day in office, I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare  this will instantly save another 2 million jobs.I am also going to propose a massive tax reduction to unleash prosperity in every city and state in our country.On that first day, I am also going to instruct the Department of Commerce to immediately begin a review of all foreign trade practices that unfairly hurt American manufacturing. I will use every lawful Presidential power to achieve relief for our workers.You can read the full 7-point trade plan on my website, DonaldJTrump.com.North Carolina has lost more than 4 in 10 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. Bill Clinton signed it, and Hillary Clinton supported it.Right here in Ashville, you've lost 1 in 5 manufacturing jobs since China joined the World Trade Organization  another Hillary-backed deal.Hillary Clinton owes all of you an apology. And I think you'll get that apology right around the same time Hillary Clinton hands over the 33,000 emails she deleted.By the way, Hillary Clinton destroyed her emails after she received a congressional subpoena. They used a special software called bleach bit.She even made her 13 different phones disappear  some of them were even destroyed with a hammer.Hillary Clinton obviously had a whole lot to hide, including her pay-for-play scandals at Secretary of State.Pay-for-play with UBS, with Russian Uranium, with contracts for her friends and family in Haiti.Nothing is so dangerous to American Democracy as when a public official puts their federal office up for sale.Hillary Clinton believes she is above the law.She also believes that she is above all of you.After months of hiding from the press, Hillary Clinton came out and finally told the world how she feels about the people of this country.She said tens of millions of patriotic Americans belong in a "basket of deplorables." She talks about people like they're objects, not human beings.She said half of our supporters are not even real Americans, and describes the other half as having run out of options  what she can't understand or accept is that the great majority of this country now sees right through the lies and deceptions of a failed political establishment. They want change, they want justice, and they want a government that puts the American people first.Whether our supporters have lost a job to a factory moved to another country, or whether they're a captain in the police department, or a teacher at a local school, they are united by their deep and sophisticated understanding of how our political system has abandoned the people.For those who have been hit by hard times, they understand better than anyone that it's Hillary Clinton's Wall Street agenda that has crushed the middle class of this country.Hillary Clinton spoke with hatred in her heart for these working class Americans. She looks down on them  she looks down on all the people who make her life possible. She looks down on the carpenters, plumbers, electricians, lawyers and accountants. She looks down on the police officers, soldiers, and firefighters supporting our campaign.She looks down on the people who cook her meals, drive her cars, and dig the coal that powers her electricity.She called these Americans every name in the book  racist, sexist, xenophobic, Islamophobic  she said they were not even American.Never in history has a major-party presidential candidate so viciously demonized the American voter.She was attacking millions of moms and dads who love their children and want a better future for all Americans.What should these parents tell their children about Hillary Clinton's attacks?To every kid in America tonight, I want you to know: your parents are working so hard to make your life better, and to make your country better  and if I get the chance, I will fight right alongside them to deliver a better future for everyone.Clinton made her remarks at a high-dollar fundraiser in Wall Street. Her goal is simple: to bully the American voter out of voting for change.The people who rigged the system want to keep things exactly as they are. They want to keep our terrible trade deals. They want to trap children in failing government schools. They want massive regulation to keep small businesses from being able to compete.Hillary Clinton can never be President of this country. No one who has such a low opinion of the American people can ever be elected as their President.Earlier today I had a chance to spend some time with some more of our most amazing Americans.I spent the afternoon with the National Guard Association of the United States.These are the heroes who rescue our people in disasters, and who fight our wars.These heroes are a permanent testament to the courage and character of our nation.We also honor and remember the lives of the service members who have made the ultimate sacrifice.There is no greater love than the love shown by the men and women who have laid down their lives for this country and its people.Our debt to them is eternal and everlasting.One thing that we must do is to ensure that our men and women in uniform have the best equipment, resources and tools in the world.We must provide them the best medical care while they serve, and the best medical care when they return home to civilian life.The Veterans scandals that have occurred under this Administration  and that have been dismissed by my opponent  are a permanent stain on this government. It's just one more way Hillary Clinton only looks out for herself.We must take care of our Veterans. That includes giving Veterans the right to choose treatment at either a public VA facility, or the private doctor of their choice.Just today we learned that the VA has violated a federal law by failing to make its performance records available to consumers.The scandals never seem to end  but they will, when I'm elected President.Nothing makes me more proud than to have the support of the men and women who hear the uniform.We've received endorsements from 120 generals and admirals, these are the people who know how to keep our country safe.Just today, I was profoundly humbled to gain the endorsement of 13 Medal of Honor recipients. I can't even begin to say how much it means to me to have the support of these intrepid heroes.Also, today, I was thrilled to announce that Ambassador R. James Woolsey, former head of the CIA, is now a senior advisor to our campaign.We are on a mission of change.That includes a new agenda for our inner cities.The Democratic Party has run the inner cities for fifty, sixty, seventy years and more.4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty, including 45% of those under the age of six.2,900 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.For those suffering and hurting, I say: give Donald J. Trump a chance. I will fix it. What do you have to lose?Let me also tell you what you have to gain: millions of new jobs, higher wages, and amazing schools.I will fight for Detroit, for Chicago, for Baltimore, and for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a New American Future.In this future, we will respect the dignity of all Americans  and that means great jobs, great schools, and great neighborhoods.We will keep our children safe  which includes steadfast support for American law enforcement.Jobs will return, prosperity will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.Government corruption will end.Honesty will be restored.Republicans are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and, come November 8th, we will once again have a government of, by and for the people.We will make America prosperous again.We will make America safe again.And will Make America great again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. I want to applaud my daughter, Ivanka, for her work and leadership on the issues facing working moms in our country. She has been deeply invested in this since long before the campaign began, and I am so grateful for her work and efforts on this proposal which I will be outlining today.I want to also take a moment to recognize Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Chairwoman of the House Republican Conference and a mother of three small children, who has been such a leader on these issues.We are also joined tonight by some amazing members of Congress in our audience: Congresswoman Blackburn, Lummis, Black, and Ellmers.Our campaign is about ideas. We're about solutions. I've travelled all over the country in recent weeks offering detailed plans to make life better for you and your family.I've outlined detailed proposals for providing school choice, reforming our tax and regulatory code, lifting restrictions on American energy, rebuilding our military, changing our foreign policy, fixing our immigration policy, and keeping our country safe.Right now, our politicians have locked our country into endless fights about small and petty things. I'm asking the nation to lift our sights, and to imagine what we can accomplish if we work together, trust each other, and put the needs of our own citizens first.We must break our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past and pursue a future where every American is honored and respected.We have to reject the arrogance of Washington D.C. that looks down on everyday hardworking people. Too often those who have power have disdain for the views, beliefs and attitudes of those who don't have political power.Those in leadership must put themselves in the shoes of the laid-off factory worker, the family worried about security, or the mom struggling to afford childcare.That means we need working mothers to be fairly compensated for their work, and to have access to affordable, quality child care for their kids.We want higher pay, better wages, and a growing economy for everyone.These solutions must update laws passed more than half a century ago when most women were still not in the labor force. Today, nearly 2 in 3 mothers with young children have jobs.For many families in our country, childcare is now the single largest expense  even more than housing.Yet, very little meaningful policy work has been done in this area  and my opponent has no childcare plan.Many Americans are just one crisis away from disaster  a sick kid, a lost job, a damaged home. There is no financial security.But that will all change under our pro-family, pro-child, pro-worker plans I am outlining tonight. Before going any further, I want everyone watching on TV right now to go to DonaldJTrump.com to read the full plan.The first part of my childcare plan allows every parent or family in America  including adoptive parents and foster parent guardians  to deduct their childcare expenses from their income taxes.They will be able to fully deduct the average cost of child care for their state, from birth through the age of 13.Because of the way the benefit is capped and structured, our plan will bring relief to working and middle class families.The deduction also applies to elder care, capped at a $5,000-dollar deduction per year.Importantly, our policy also supports mothers who choose to stay at home, and honors and recognizes their incredible contributionsto their families and to our society. Families with a stay-at-home parent will be able to fully deduct the average cost of child care from their taxes.For low-income individuals who have no net income tax liability, we will offer an expanded Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) in the form of a childcare rebate. Working parents can get an expanded EITC benefit that equals up to half of their total payroll tax  a major relief for low-income parents. This translates to as much as an extra $1,200 dollars in EITC benefits for working families.Next, our plan allows every parent in America to open up a Dependent Care Savings Account. Families can contribute up to $2,000 dollars a year to these accounts completely tax-free. Crucially, unlike the flexible spending accounts that exist today, these accounts will be available to all Americans  you won't have to depend on your employer to provide them.Immediate family and employers can also contribute to a dependent account, each of which is designated for a specific child, including an unborn child.The money that is put into these accounts can also be spent not only on child care, but also child enrichment activities. Additionally, the funds in these accounts do not expire at the end of the year  they don't revert to employers or to the Treasury. Instead, the funds rollover  so while only $2,000 dollars can be contributed each year, unspent sums can accumulate and create substantial savings.These savings can then be used by parents to help give their kids school choice, and will thus contribute to the school choice reformsI outlined last week.The funds will remain in the account until the age of 18. Whatever still remains at that time can be used to help offset the costs of higher education.For low-income individuals, the federal government will provide matching funds  if parents contribute $1,000 dollars, the federal government will provide a $500 dollars match. To help low-income families reach these targets and save money, we will put a box on federal income tax forms allowing these parents to have their Earned Income Tax Credit funds directly deposited into their Dependent Care Savings Accounts.These Dependent Care Savings Accounts can also be set-up to provide care for elderly dependents.Our plan also includes much needed regulatory reform to incentivize private sector solutions. The new funds offered by our plan will create a new market for innovative childcare solutions.But to make sure these solutions are available, especially in low-income and rural communities, we must reduce regulations that favor large institutional care facilities. We will allow the states to make the decisions that are right for them.In this era of the sharing economy, we want parents to be able to access lower-cost, competitive and innovative solutions at the click of a button  including services like nanny-sharing. Our plan would also cover care provided by relatives and grandparents.Our plan includes incentives for more employers to offer on-site childcare as well. This can often be a good solution for many working parents, and can save them up to 30 minutes of commute time. Currently, only 7% of employers provide these services. Our plan will expand tax deductions for employers, allow companies to pool resources to provide shared childcare services, and remove needless requirements that have prevented employers from using the credit.Finally, our plan offers a crucial safety net for working mothers whose employers do not provide paid maternity leave. This solution will receive strong bipartisan support, and will be completely self-financing. By recapturing fraud and improper payments in the unemployment insurance program, we can provide 6 weeks of paid-maternity leave to any mother with a newborn child whose employer does not provide the benefit. This maternity leave will be paid straight out of the unemployment insurance fund and, again, this safety net will be completely paid-for through savings within the program.There are more reforms and solutions in our childcare plan, and you can review them all on the website.On Thursday, I will outline my full economic plan, which is completely paid for through economic growth and proposed federal budget savings. Together, our tax, trade, regulatory, and energy policies will add trillions in new deficit-lowering growth.These are the kinds of solutions I want to bring to the White House as your President. It's time to free ourselves from the baskets that politicians try to put us in, and instead to work together  not as Republicans or Democrats  but as Americans, to achieve real, positive results for the American people.While my opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable, I call you, hard-working American Patriots who love your country, loveyour families, and want a better future for all Americans.It's time to end the rule of special interests, and to begin the rule of the American people.It's time to stop fighting over the smallest words, and to start dreaming about the great adventures that lie ahead.It is time to Believe In America.Together, We Will Make Our Country Strong Again.We Will Make Our Country Prosperous Again.And Will Make Our Country Great Again For Everyone.
Thank you. It is so great to be back in Iowa. Spending time in your state has been one of the great joys of this campaign.Together, we are going to win Iowa in November -- and we are going to win the White House, and Make America Great Again.The White House will become the People's House. We will tackle and fix the problems that have gone unsolved for years.We are going to fix our crumbling infrastructure, renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, free children from failing government schools, eliminate government waste, and create a fair, simple and efficient tax code that adds millions of new jobs.Prosperity will rise, poverty will recede, and wages will finally begin to grow  and they will grow rapidly.This is a campaign about big ideas designed to help everyday people.In recent days, we've rolled out one new policy idea after another  on taxes, on school choice, on foreign policy, on defeating terrorism, on rebuilding our military, on Veterans care, on unleashing American energy, and on the vital issue of trade.By contrast, Hillary Clinton is running a policy-free campaign. She offers no ideas, no solutions, only hatred and derision.I am running to be a President for all Americans  Democrat, Republican, Independent, everyone. Whether you vote for me, or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your greatest champion.Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. We have the support of cops and soldiers, carpenters and welders, accountants and lawyers, the young and the old, and millions of working class families all over this nation.While my opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable, I call you hardworking American patriots who love your country and want a better future for all of our people.Her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation.It's this attitude of arrogance that explains why Hillary Clinton made her 13 phones disappear  including with a hammer  so the FBI couldn't see them, and why she bleached her emails after a congressional subpoena. Now the people who destroyed the emails are all pleading the fifth amendment in front of Congress today.Anyone watching today's hearing in Congress knows that Hillary Clinton's actions are far more corrupt than we even imagined.This is a far bigger scandal than Watergate ever was, but with Watergate we had the Justice Department doing its jobs  here we don't have either. This is a scandal that threatens national security and that involves a multimillion dollar pay-for-play scheme between the Secretary of State and her Foundation.Whether it's her emails, her disasters in Iraq, Libya and Syria, or her failures on the economy, Hillary Clinton lacks the judgement, temperament and moral character to lead this country.In the words of a secret service agent posted outside her office: "she simply lacks the integrity and the temperament to serve in the officefrom the bottom of my soul, I know this to be true."The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced death and destruction overseas, and produced only failing schools, rising crime, job loss, shrinking incomes, and tragic poverty at home.1 in 5 American households do not have a single member in the labor force. Another 14 million people left the labor force entirely since 2009. And the national debt has doubled to nearly $20 trillion during the Obama Years.I am running to reverse these policies, and to create a future of prosperity for all Americans.That includes our family farms right here in Iowa.Family farms are the backbone of this country. We are going to end the EPA intrusion into your family homes and your family farms.We are going to protect the Renewable Fuel Standard, corn-based ethanol, eliminate job-killing regulations like the Waters of the U.S. rule, and provide desperately-needed tax relief.Our plan lowers the tax rate on family farms down to 15 percent, and to stop the double-taxation of family farms at death  helping to ensure that the family farm tradition in Iowa continues to thrive and flourish.My economic agenda can be summed up in three words: jobs, jobs, jobs.That means we are going to negotiate trade deals to protect our farmers, help them export their goods, and grow family farming in America.My first day in office, I am also going to order a review of every single regulation issued over the last eight years. All needless, job-killing regulations will be cancelled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in.We are going to lift the restrictions on American energy  which means lower electricity prices for our farmers, and half a million new jobs a year.That's just the beginning.Also on my first day, I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare  this will instantly save another 2 million jobs.By the way, remember when Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare, said the "lack of transparency," was essential to passing the legislation and then he talked about  and I quote  "the stupidity of the American voter." This is the hateful attitude of insiders like Mr. Gruber and Hillary Clinton  and the voters have had enough. They're taking their country back.Another major reform is going to be school choice. I've outlined a plan to provide every disadvantaged child in America the freedom to choose the private, public, magnet or religious school of his or her choice.This will help lift millions of poor African-American and Hispanic children out of poverty.It's time to break-up the failed Democratic control over our inner cities, and provide real hope and opportunity to every single community in this nation.Our policies on taxes, trade, regulations and education will grow incomes, boost jobs and reduce poverty for our African-American and Hispanic communities.We need a new civil rights agenda for our time, one that promises safe neighborhoods, great education, and secure jobs.Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty, including 45% of African-American children under the age of six. 58% of African-American youth are not working.Violent crime rose in America's fifty largest cities last year. Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.Over 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January of this year. There's a shooting on average every 2 hours.To those suffering and hurting I say: what do you have to lose  vote for Donald J. Trump. I will fix it. I will bring back millions of jobs, higher wages, and great schools.I will make your communities safe.Safety also means protecting our people from Radical Islamic Terrorism.New video has just been released showing ISIS butchers murdering innocent people in what has been called a Syrian slaughterhouse. The victims were dragged, then hung from meathooks, and then their throats were slit.This is an evil, sadistic, monstrous enemy and we must keep these killers out of our country.We know that ISIS is trying to infiltrate refugee flows, and to recruit refugees after their entry to our country.My opponent wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. According to the Senate Subcommittee on immigration, her entire plan will bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term and cost $400 billion in lifetime benefits.Instead of providing free healthcare and jobs to refugees from around the world, we should rebuild our inner cities and help struggling Americans get jobs.I support the construction of safe zones in the region, and we will get the Gulf States to pay for it.At the same time, as we rebuild our military, we are going to get our allies to pay their fair share. Only 5 of the 28 member NATO countries meet their obligation to spend 2% of GDP on defense. I will convene a summit of our European and Asian allies to make sure everyone is sharing in the security burden  and that we are properly focused on Radical Islamic Terrorism.In all things, it's time to put Americans first  and start taking care of each other.Tonight, I am going to roll out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable, quality childcare for their children.On policy after policy, we are going to provide opportunity, prosperity and security for all Americans.I am going to lower your taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment. I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country, and yes, we will build the wall and I'm going to, so importantly, renegotiate your horrible trade deals, especially NAFTA  which is the single worst trade deal ever made by any country anywhere in the world a one-way street for jobs out of the United States  and we will make great trade deals that put the American worker first.And Apple, and our other major companies, will start making their iPhones, computers and other products inside of the United States  not in China, and all over the world.We don't make our products anymore in the United States, but we will again  like never before.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, mined from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American metal into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you, Ohio. It is so great to be in the great city of Canton.We just got new polls from Bloomberg and CNN. We're up five points in Ohio, and the LA Times poll has us up 5 points nationwide.The people of the United States are ready for change. They're ready to discard a failed political establishment that disdains, disrespects and looks down on hardworking people.This election is about a choice between the control of an arrogant ruling class in Washington D.C. versus the hopes and dreams of everyday citizens.For years, our leaders have looked out only for themselves.There is no greater example of this in our country than Flint, Michigan. The city of Flint was once known as Buick City. More than 80,000 workers were employed by GM in 1970  today, its less than 8,000. Forty percent of the city's residents are living in poverty. Violent crime is among the nation's highest.Today I went to Flint, Michigan to address the water crisis. The water crisis in Flint demonstrates failure at every single level of government.It's tragic and it's heartbreaking, and it should never happen in the United States of America.This is the catastrophe that happens when we build up other countries instead of our own.It used to be cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.We are going to turn this around. We are going to bring our jobs back and protect our people.Driving through the city you see the shuttered homes and businesses, the dilapidated infrastructure.This is what our politicians have done to this city, this is what our politicians have done to America.But nowhere has the pain been worse than our inner cities. Democratic politicians have ran our inner cities for 50, 60, 70 years. Their policies have produced massive poverty, joblessness, and failing schools.They've trapped Americans in suffering for years, and I'm running to offer a better future. Lower crime, better schools, more jobs  safety, security, opportunity.Now, I understand there are going to be some people in these communities who aren't planning on voting for me right now. I will campaign hard for their votes  we can't stay the course our country is on. If you keep voting for the same people, you'll keep getting the same results.I am willing to campaign anywhere. I am willing to go anywhere, visit anywhere, even if some voters openly oppose me in a community I will go there and ask them for their support.Hillary Clinton calls people who aren't supporting her deplorable and irredeemable. I call people who aren't supporting me American citizens who are entitled to the same respect as anyone else  and I will not stop campaigning for every last American vote, in every last American community, right up until November 8th.I will take my message to communities that are 99% Democrat, or that have voted Democrat for generations. I am running to be President for all Americans, to represent all Americans, and to liberate our poorest citizens from crime and poverty and violence.The economic policies of Hillary Clinton  on trade, on the economy, on immigration  have devastated the inner cities of America. Her policies are the problem; we are offering the solution.Hillary Clinton believes in globalism  taking jobs from Flint and moving them to other countries. I am not running to be President of the world  I am running to be President of the United States. I am running to bring hope to Flint, to Canton, and to every party of this country.If we don't break free from our partisan boxes, then nothing will ever change  it's time to vote for America and America First.Hillary Clinton's refugee plans will cost $400 billion dollars in the long-term. That's enough money to rebuild the entire water infrastructure of the United States.President Obama just announced a 30% increase to refugee admissions, bringing the total to 110,000 refugees in just one single year.Instead of providing free healthcare and jobs to millions of refugees, we need to rebuild our inner cities and take care of Americans.Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. You are cops and soldiers; mechanics and accountants; young and the old; black, white and Latino. You are moms and dads, children and grandparents, you are from cities small and large and in-between. But above everything else, you are all Americans.Hillary Clinton's attacks on you display the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, destroy her phones with a hammer, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation.Now the people who destroyed the emails are all pleading the fifth amendment in front of Congress.There is no greater threat to Democracy than when a public official puts their office up for sale. Look at what she did with Russian Uranium, or with UBS bank, or with the contracts in Haiti.Hillary Clinton's record as Secretary of State is one of historic failure. Just look at what she did to the Middle East  in Iraq, in Syria, in Libya. Not to mention her failures in Russia, China and North Korea.One failure after another  all while raising millions and millions from her friends in Wall Street.The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced only destruction overseas and poverty at home.1 in 5 American households do not have a single member in the labor force. Another 14 million people left the labor force entirely since 2009. And the national debt has doubled.I am running to reverse these policies, and to create a future of prosperity for all Americans.My economic agenda can be summed up in three words: jobs, jobs, jobs.That begins with a new America-First trade policy.Hillary Clinton's bad judgement was seen in her support for Bill Clinton's NAFTA, her support for China's entry into the World Trade Organization, and her support for the TPP  she called it the "Gold Standard."Ohio has lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, and 1 in 4 since China entered the WTO.Our trade deficit in goods with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars.I will renegotiate NAFTA, I will defend your jobs, and I will bring back vehicle production to the United States of America.America's trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost the state of Ohio more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs last year. Imagine how many more jobs would be lost if TPP was actually approved  which Hillary Clinton 100% would do if she ever got the chance.We won't let that happen. But you have to get out and vote.My first day in office, I am also going to order a review of every single regulation issued over the last eight years. All needless, job-killing regulations will be cancelled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in.We are going to lift the restrictions on American energy.Also on my first day, I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.I will fight for you against the special interests, against the corrupt politicians, and against the powerful insiders. Let me be your champion.In all things, it's time to put Americans first  and start taking care of each other.Yesterday, I rolled out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable, quality childcare for their children.On policy after policy, we are going to bring opportunity and prosperity to all Americans.I am going to lower you taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment [NRA endorsement]; I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country, and yes, we will build the wall [Mexico will pay]; and I'm going to, so importantly, renegotiate your horrible trade deals, especially NAFTA  which is the single worst trade deal ever made by any country anywhere in the world and a one-way street for jobs out of the United States  and we will make great trade deals that put the American worker first.And Apple, and our other major companies, will start making their iPhones, computers and other products inside of the United States  not in China, and all over the world.We don't make our products anymore in the United States, but we will again  like never before.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals. We will rebuild our water infrastructure, and our EPA will abandon political agendas and focus on its core mission: clean air and safe water.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, mined from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you.Today, I'm going to outline a plan for American economic revival  it is a bold, ambitious, forward-looking plan to massively increase jobs, wages, incomes and opportunities for the people of our country.My plan will embrace the truth that people flourish under a minimum government burden, and it will tap into the incredible unrealized potential of our workers and their dreams.Right now, 92 million Americans are on the sidelines, outside the workforce, and not part of our economy. It's a silent nation of jobless Americans.Look no further than the city of Flint, where I just visited. The jobs have stripped from this community, and its infrastructure has collapsed. In 1970, there were more than 80,000 people in Flint working for GM  today it is less than 8,000. Now Ford has announced it is moving all small car production to Mexico.It used to be cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Now, the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.We are going to turn this around.My economic plan rejects the cynicism that says our labor force will keep declining, that our jobs will keep leaving, and that our economy can never grow as it did once before.We reject the pessimism that says our standard of living can no longer rise, and that all that's left to do is divide up and redistribute our shrinking resources.Everything that is broken today can be fixed, and every failure can be turned into a great success.Jobs can stop leaving our country, and start pouring in. Failing schools can become flourishing schools. Crumbling roads and bridges can become gleaming new infrastructure. Inner cities can experience a flood of new jobs and investment. And rising crime can give way to safe and prosperous communities.All of these things, and so much more, are possible. But to accomplish them, we must replace the present policy of globalism  which has moved so many jobs and so much wealth out of our country  and replace it with a new policy of Americanism.Under this American System, every policy decision we make must pass a simple test: does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans?If we lower our taxes, remove destructive regulations, unleash the vast treasure of American energy, and negotiate trade deals that put America First, then there is no limit to the number of jobs we can create and the amount of prosperity we can unleash.America will truly be the greatest place in the world to invest, hire, grow and to create new jobs, new technologies, and entire new industries.Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, America will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creation.My opponent's plan rejects this optimism. She offers only more taxing, regulating, more spending and more wealth redistribution  a future of slow growth, declining incomes, and dwindling prosperity.The only people who get rich under Hillary Clinton's scheme are the donors and the special interests.In Hillary Clinton's America, we have surrendered our status as the world's great economy, and we have surrendered our middle class to the whims of foreign countries.Not one single idea she has will create one net American job, or create one new dollar of American wealth for our workers. The only thing she can ever offer is a welfare check. Our plan will produce paychecks, and they're going to be great paychecks for millions of people now unemployed.In the course of this campaign, I have travelled all across this country and I've met the most amazing people. Every day, I've seen the goodness and character of our country, and brave citizens proudly fighting through hard times and difficult circumstances.In many parts of our country, the hard times never seem to end. I've visited cities and towns in upstate New York where half the jobs have left and moved to other countries.Politicians have abandoned these places all over our country and the people who live there.Worse still, politicians have heaped scorn and disdain on these wonderful Americans. My opponent described tens of millions of American citizens as deplorable and irredeemable  how can Hillary Clinton seek to lead this country when she considers its citizens beyond redemption?The hardworking people she calls deplorable are the most admirable people I know: they are cops and soldiers, teachers and firefighters, young and old, moms and dads, blacks, whites and Latinos  but above everything else, they are all American. They love their families, they love their country, and they want a better future.These are the forgotten men and women of America. People who work hard but don't have a voice.I am running to be their voice, and to fight to bring prosperity to every part of this country.Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it's their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.I'm not running to be President of the world. I'm running to be President of the United States  and as your President, I will fight for every last American job.We are the nation that tamed the West, dug out the Panama Canal, won two World Wars, and put a man on the moon.It's time to start thinking big once again.That's why I believe it is time to establish a national goal of reaching 4% economic growth.In working with my economic team, we've put together a plan that puts us on track to achieve that goal. Over the next ten years, our economic team estimates that under our plan the economy will average 3.5% growth and create a total of 25 million new jobs. You can visit our website to see the math.This growth means that our jobs plan, including our childcare reforms, will be completely paid-for in combination with proposed budget savings.It will be deficit neutral. If we reach 4% growth, it will reduce the deficit.It will be accomplished through a complete overhaul of our tax, regulatory, energy and trade policies.Right now, under Obama-Clinton policies, the economy grew only 1.1 percent last quarter  that translates to millions of lost jobs.This is the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression.Over the last 7 years, the economy grew only 2.1 percent, the slowest period in seventy years. Had the economy grown under Obama at the same rate as Reagan, it would have meant 10 million more jobs.Perhaps most shockingly, 1 in 6 men aged 18-34 are either in jail or out of work.Meanwhile, another 2 million Hispanic-Americans have been added to the ranks of those in poverty.On top of it all, the Obama-Clinton policies have doubled the national debt. It took more than 230 years for the United States to accumulate it's first $10 trillion dollars in debt  it took President Obama only eight years to add another $10 trillion.Now, it would be one thing if that money had been used to completely rebuild our nation, our military, and our infrastructure.Instead, the opposite happened. We doubled our debt and, in return, we have dilapidated infrastructure, failing schools, a badly depleted military, and another 14 million people who have left the workforce.Never has so much money been spent so poorly.But we're going to turn that all around. Here's how.It begins with bold new tax reform.As outlined in Detroit, our tax plan will greatly simplify the code and reduce the number of brackets from 7 to 3. The 3 new brackets will be 12, 25 and 33, but low-income Americans will pay no income tax at all  in fact, our plan will remove millions and millions of workers from the income tax rolls entirely.By lowering rates, streamlining deductions, and simplifying the process, we will add millions of new jobs.In addition, because we have strongly capped deductions for the wealthy and closed special interest loopholes, the tax relief will be concentrated on the working and middle class taxpayer. They will receive the biggest benefit  it won't even be close.This is a working and middle class tax relief proposal.The tax relief for these workers will be expanded by my childcare proposals that I have worked on with my daughter, Ivanka.These proposals are a central element of our comprehensive tax reform and economic growth plan.Families will be able to fully deduct the average cost of childcare from their taxes, including stay-at-home parents. Because this deduction is capped, it will disproportionately benefit working and middle class families. The less you make, the larger a share of your income you can exclude from taxation.Parents will also be able to enroll in tax-free dependent care savings accounts for their children or elderly relatives. Low-income households will benefit from both an Expanded Earned Income Tax Credit  in the form a Childcare rebate  and a matching $500 contribution for their savings accounts.A married couple earning $50,000 per year with two children and $8,000 in child care expenses will save 35% from their current tax bill.A married couple earning $75,000 per year with two children and $10,000 in child care expenses will receive a 30% reduction in their tax bill.By contrast, someone earning $5 million will receive virtually no change in their tax bill at all.One of our greatest job creation measures is going to be our 15% business tax rate  down from the current 35% rate, a reduction of more than 40 percent. An explosion of new business and new jobs will be created. It will be amazing to watch.We will also allow U.S.-based manufacturers to fully expense the cost of new plants and equipment.On top of that, we will bring back trillions in business wealth parked overseas and tax it at a 10% rate. Some people say there are $2 trillion dollars overseas, I think it's $5 trillion. By taxing it at 10% instead of 35%, all of this money will come back into our country.We will turn America into a magnet for new jobs  and that means jobs in our poorest communities.Next, comes regulations.One of the keys to unlocking growth is scaling-back years of disastrous regulations unilaterally imposed by our out-of-control bureaucracy.Regulations have grown into a massive, job-killing industry  and the regulation industry is one business I will put an end to.In 2015 alone, federal agencies issued over 3,300 final rules and regulations, up from 2,400 the prior year. Every year, overregulation costs our economy $2 trillion dollars a year and reduces household wealth by almost $15,000 dollars.I've proposed a moratorium on new federal regulations that are not compelled by Congress or public safety, and I will eliminate all needless and job-killing regulations now on the books.This includes eliminating some of our most intrusive regulations, like the Waters of The U.S. Rule. It also means scrapping the EPA's so-called Clean Power Plan which the government itself estimates will cost $7.2 billion a year. This Obama-Clinton directive will shut down most, if not all, coal-powered electricity plans in America. Remember what Hillary Clinton said? She wants to shut down the miners, just like she wants to shut down the steel mills.We're going to put our great miners and steel workers back to work.Energy reform is central to our plan as wellAccording to the Heritage Foundation, by 2030, President Obama's energy restrictions will eliminate another half a million manufacturing jobs, reduce economic output by $2.5 trillion dollars, and reduce incomes by $7,000 dollars per person.Hillary Clinton wants to go even further, and her plan could cost the economy $5 trillion dollars.A Trump Administration will lift restrictions on all sources of American energy production. According to the Institute for American Energy Resources this will:increase GDP by more than $100 billion annuallyadd over 500,000 new jobs annuallyincrease annual wages by more than $30 billion over the next 7 yearsincrease federal, state, and local tax revenues by almost $6 trillion over 4 decadesincrease total economic activity by more than $20 trillion over the next 40 years.In addition, we will streamline the permitting process for all energy infrastructure projects, including the billions of dollars in projects held up by President Obama  creating countless more jobs in the process.Finally, comes trade  the foundation for everythingAmerica's annual trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 a billion a year  an enormous drag on growth.Between World War II and the year 2000, the United States averaged a 3.5% growth rate. But, after China joined the World Trade Organization, our average growth rate has been reduced to only 2 percent.Predatory trade practices, product dumping, currency manipulation and intellectual property theft have taken millions of jobs and trillions in wealth from our country.It is no great secret that many of the special interests funding my opponent's campaign are the same people profiting from these terrible trade deals. The same so-called experts advising Hillary Clinton are the same people who gave us NAFTA, China's entry into the World Trade Organization, the job-killing trade deal with South Korea, and now the Trans-Pacific Partnership.The verdict is in. All of the special interests that the media race to for comment have been proven wrong about every single deal they've promoted  every lie and every prediction has crashed upon the rocks of reality.Our manufacturing base has crumbled, communities have been hollowed out, wages have declined, and households are making less today than they were in the year 2000.I have proposed a detailed plan to reform our trade policies and bring vast new jobs and wealth to America. This includes the following steps:I'm going to direct the Secretary of Commerce to identify every violation of trade agreements a foreign country is currently using to harm our workers. I will use every tool under American and international law to end these abuses, and I will use our greatest business leaders and finest negotiators  and I know who you are, many of you are in the room.We are going to start with NAFTA, which is causing so much damage to our country. We will entirely renegotiate NAFTA into a deal that will either be good for us or will be terminated until a brand new and productive deal can be signed.We are also going to keep America out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.Next, I am going to instruct my Treasury Secretary to label China a currency manipulator, and to apply tariffs to any country that devalues its currency to gain an unfair advantage over the United States.I am going to instruct the U.S. Trade Representative to bring trade cases against China. China's unfair subsidy behavior is prohibited by the terms of its entrance to the WTO, and I intend to enforce those rules.If China does not stop its illegal activities, including its theft of American trade secrets and intellectual property, I will apply countervailing duties until China ceases and desists.Just the single action of enforcing intellectual property rules alone would add millions of new American jobs. According to the U.S. International Trade Commission, improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would add 2 million jobs a year to the United States every single year.We are going to stop the outflow of jobs from our country, and open a new highway of jobs back into our country.Here is how the plan adds upWe are proposing a $4.4 trillion tax cut that will score as $2.6 trillion under a dynamic growth model, which is how taxes should be scored. This includes the childcare plan.Our economic team has further modeled that the growth-induced savings from trade, energy and regulation reform will shave at least another $1.8 trillion off of the remaining cost.That leaves around $800 billion dollars. This money can all be saved through simple, common sense reforms. If we save just one penny of each federal dollar spent on non-defense, and non-entitlement programs, we can save almost $1 trillion over the next decade  again this is spending that does not touch defense, and that does not touch entitlements.If our plan exceeds the 3.5% ten-year growth average, then our jobs proposal will actually reduce the deficit. Savings will be compounded by the fact that people who are currently receiving unemployment or welfare will finally be able to find jobs.This is the most pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-family plan put forth perhaps in the history of our country.This is what our new future will look likeI am going to lower you taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to unleash American energy; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment; I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country, and yes, we will build the wall [Mexico will pay]; and I'm going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, especially NAFTA  and we will only make great trade deals that put the American worker first.And we are going to put our miners and our steelworkers back to work.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American metal into the spine of this country.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.And Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. It is so great to be in my second home, Florida, and in the city of Miami where I have so many wonderful friends and employees.New polls have just come in, and we're leading in battleground states all over this country  including four points here in Florida. LA Times has us up 6 points nationwide.Come November 8th, we are going to win Florida and we are going to win the White House.It's going to be a victory for the people  it's going to be a victory for the workers, the families, the Veterans, the everyday citizens.And it's going to be a victory for those who haven't had reason for hope in a long time.I'm campaigning in every community, and every part of this country, for every last vote. I am running to be a President for all Americans.I just had the most amazing afternoon in Little Haiti and I'm going to be campaigning hard for their votes. What incredible people.Our support comes from all regions, all backgrounds and all walks of life. You are cops and soldiers, carpenters and welders, accountants and lawyers, young and old, rich and poor, black, white and Hispanic  but above all else, you are American.Just today, I was honored to get the endorsement of recipients of the Medal of Honor and many of our amazing military leaders. We now have the endorsements of more than 160 top generals and Admirals.We also have the support of 16,500 Border Patrol Officers  as well as law enforcement officers across the country.And we have the support of millions of patriotic Moms and Dads who go to work every day and make this country run.While my opponent slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable, I call you hardworking American patriots who love your family and love your country.Clinton's campaign relies on the tired tactic of smearing opponents who question her policies as racists. It's the oldest play in the Democratic play book  and Americans have had enough.They want solutions, and they want better lives  not more petty attacks from failed and discredited politicians.People who want their immigration laws enforced, and their borders secured, are not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs and families protected.People who warn about Radical Islamic Terrorism are not Islamophobes. They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our tolerant values and keep our country safe.People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced. They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent child is lost to preventable violence.Yet, while she lives behind gates and walls and guards, and raises millions from hedge fund managers and Wall Street donors, she slanders and smears working people who just want a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians.Her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, destroy her phones with a hammer, put classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell government favors and access through the Clinton Foundation.It's the same attitude of arrogance and entitlement that explains why she has never taken accountability for the disasters she created in Libya, Syria, Iraq, Iran and all over the world. It's the same reason why she won't take responsibility for her central role in unleashing ISIS.Her policies have created disaster overseas, and poverty at home. I am running to reverse these failures, and create a New American future.That future begins with prosperity at home.My economic agenda can be summed up in three words: jobs, jobs, jobs.One of my highest priorities is to bring jobs into our inner cities. African-Americans communities have suffered horribly as a result of failed Democratic leadership.Democrats have run these inner cities for half a century. They control the mayors' offices, the school boards, the city councils, and the seats in Congress  and all they have delivered is more poverty, more crime, and more failing schools.45% of African-American children under the age of 6 now live in poverty. More than 3,000 have been shot in Chicago this year alone. 58% of African-American youth are not working.These are the results of the policies embraced by Hillary Clinton, and everyone knows that if she's elected the inner cities will get nothing but more pain and more suffering.Hillary Clinton has been there in Washington for 30 years  her disastrous record speaks for itself.The only people she delivers for is her donors.I am going to deliver for you, the American people.If we lower our taxes, remove destructive regulations, unleash the vast treasure of American energy, and negotiate trade deals that put America First, then there is no limit to the number of jobs we can create and the amount of prosperity we can unleash.My first day in office, I am going to order a review of every single regulation issued over the last eight years. All needless, job-killing regulations will be cancelled. Millions of new jobs will come pouring in.We are going to lift the restrictions on American energy  which means at least another half a million new jobs a year.That's just the beginning.Also on my first day, I am going to ask Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare  this will instantly save another 2 million jobs.I am also going to completely reform our trade deals. We are going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to China, and keep America out of the TPP. We don't need another massive multinational deal that ties us up and binds us down.Another major reform is going to be school choice. I've outlined a plan to provide every disadvantaged child in America the freedom to choose the private, public, magnet or religious school of his or her choice.This will help lift millions of poor African-American and Hispanic children out of poverty.Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanic-Americans have fallen into poverty. This is unacceptable. To the Hispanic community I say: we are going to protect your jobs, we are going to build up your schools, and we are going to deliver safety and opportunity for your children.Earlier this week, I also rolled out a plan to help our mothers and our families get affordable, quality childcare for their children.On policy after policy, we are going to provide opportunity, prosperity and security for all Americans.We are also going to stand with the Cuban people in their fight against communist oppression.The President's one-sided deal for Cuba benefits only the Castro Regime. But all of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro Regime were done through executive order, which means the next President can reverse them  and that is what I will do, unless the Castro Regime meets our demands. Those demands will include religious and political freedom for the Cuban people.Let's also talk about Venezuela.Venezuela is a beautiful, vibrant, and resource-rich country, filled with amazing and hardworking people. But Venezuela has been run into the ground by socialists.The next President of the United States must stand in solidarity with all people oppressed in our hemisphere, and I will stand with the oppressed people of Venezuela yearning to be free.Here, in America, I will push to expand freedom for all of our people.I am going to lower you taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment; I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country, and yes, we will build the wall and I'm going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, especially NAFTA  and we will make great trade deals that put the American worker first.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, mined from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing back to our shores.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Prosperous Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.And Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thanks, Maria, for that introduction, and for the work you and your organization do to honor these stolen American lives  and to advocate for justice on behalf of all American victims.I am honored to be here today and to shine a national spotlight on a group of victims who have been forced into the shadows. Your stories are not featured in the news, you have no demonstrators taking to the streets on your behalf, you have no special interests taking up your cause, and politicians ignore your cries for help. But I never will.I have met many incredible people during the course of this campaign. But nothing has moved me more deeply than the time I've spent with the families of the Remembrance Project, and the incredible strength and courage you've shown in your often lonely fight for justice.You are heroes. And your actions will help us to save the next thousand American citizens from losing their brothers, sisters, sons, daughters or parents.The most fundamental duty of government is to protect American lives. Anyone who fails to understand this is not fit to hold public office.Every day our border remains open, innocent Americans are needlessly victimized. Every day Sanctuary Cities are left in place, innocent Americans are put in harm's way. Every day we fail to enforce our laws is a day when a loving parent is at risk of losing their child.It's happening every single day.All across this country, dining room tables have an empty seat at the family dinner table, because our government abandoned its duty and failed to enforce the laws.There are a lot of numbers in the immigration debate. But let me give you the most important number of all. That most important number of all is the number of American lives it is acceptable to lose in the name of illegal immigration. Let me tell you what that number is: ZERO.Our nation should not accept one lost American life because our country failed to enforce its laws. What do you tell to the mother, who just buried her daughter, because someone was released at the border who should have been sent home?What do you tell to the young boy, who will grow up without a dad, because a criminal was deported five times but was allowed to keep coming back into the country?What do you tell the wife, who has lost her husband, because a Sanctuary City released an illegal immigrant from behind bars?This must end. And it must end right now. Not one more American life should be given up in the name of open borders.Just look at what's happened in the last few days.Last week it was reported that authorities detained an illegal immigrant in the Austin area who is responsible for nearly a dozen sexual assaults and had been previously deported five times within a three-year period.Earlier this week, in Kansas, a Sheriff's Department Master Deputy was killed, apparently by an illegal immigrant. The driver was previously arrested for a DUI in California in 2001 and for a traffic violation in Kansas in 2013. Deputy Collins was killed only hours after his daughter's fourth birthday.A few days ago, two correctional officers in California were critically wounded after being shot by an illegal immigrant who overstayed his visa. This individual had been convicted for child rape and was slated to be deported  but his home country refused to take him back, so he was simply released. One of the victims has six children, is an Air Force Veteran, and a high school football coach  the other victim is a mother and a grandmother.When Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State, the matter of this country refusing to take back their deported citizens came before Hillary Clinton's desk. But she failed to take forceful action, and ignored the federal law requiring her to suspend visas to countries that don't take back their citizens.According to a report from the Boston Globe, from the year 2008 through 2014, nearly 13,000 criminal aliens were released back into U.S. communities because their home countries would not take them back. Most of these 13,000 releases occurred on Hillary Clinton's watch  she had the power and the duty to stop it cold and she didn't do it.Now, my opponent will never meet with you. She will never hear your stories. She will never share in your pain.She will only meet with the donors and the special interests and the open border advocates.Her plan calls for total amnesty in the first 100 days, which means Obamacare, Social Security and Medicare for illegal immigrants. Her plan calls for catch-and-release on the border. Sanctuary Cities. Ignoring visa overstays. Closing detention centers. And a virtual end to immigration enforcement in the United States of America.Hillary Clinton has even announced that she plans to go around Congress and implement amnesty by executive order  violating our Constitution and putting the entire nation in grave peril.Hillary Clinton is the first person to ever run for the Presidency of a country effectively proposing to abolish the borders around that country.But the media doesn't want you to know any of that. So they'll never ask her any questions about her plan. Like how she'll afford to give lifetime welfare and entitlements to illegal immigrants, or how many people will be victimized because of the illegal immigrants that will be released from federal custody  or at the border. She's not asked to explain what she'll say to the American workers who lose their jobs when she prints out millions of work permits for those here against the law.Your cause, and your stories, are ignored by our political establishment because they are determined to keep our border open at any cost. To them, your presence is just too inconvenient.But help is coming. On November 8th, we are going to win the White House and we are going to deliver justice for every American family and every American victim.Together, we will save American lives  and prevent the next thousand American parents from suffering the same fate as the people in the room today.Since 2013 alone, the Obama Administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into U.S. communities  these are individuals encountered or identified by ICE but who were not detained or processed for deportation.According to the federal government's own data, there are more than 2 million convicted criminal illegal immigrants inside the United States right now. However, this figure does not even include the many individuals who have committed crimes but escaped justice, fled the jurisdiction, or were otherwise never caught. Many crimes committed by people here illegally remain open cases.At the same time, hundreds of individuals who have been given visas and refugee admissions into this country have subsequently been charged with terrorism. We are admitting people here with no idea who they are or what they believe.Whether it's drugs, terrorism or violent crime, our government is utterly failing in its core mission to defend and protect the people of this country. The Border Patrol Agents, who endorsed me, warned that Hillary Clinton's plan would put the entire country in grave danger  they called it radical, deeply dangerous, and warned it would trigger an unprecedented national crisis.Let's just remember our goal  to prevent the next family from suffering the same terrible fate.That is what is at stake in this election.So I am now going to invite some of the bravest people I know to come up to the stage and speak.[INVITE FAMILIES TO SPEAK]These wounded American families have been alone. But they are alone no longer.I am here standing with you. The American people are here standing with you. And come November, your long awaited day of justice will finally arrive.
Thank you. It's wonderful to be back in North Carolina.Come November 8, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.We are going to bring back your jobs.We are going to cut your taxes.We are going to renegotiate our disastrous trade deals.And we are going to protect our country from Radical Islamic Terrorism.Over the weekend, there were Islamic terrorist attacks in Minnesota and New York City, and in New Jersey. These attacks were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system, which fails to properly vet and screen the individuals or families coming into our country.Attack after attack  from 9/11 to San Bernardino to Orlando  we have seen how failures to screen who is entering the United States puts all of our citizens in danger.So let me state this very clearly: immigration security is national security.My opponent has the most open borders policy of anyone ever to seek the presidency. As Secretary of State, she allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released into our communities because their home countries wouldn't take them back.Now Obama wants to bring in an additional 110,000 refugees, and Hillary wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees. Altogether, Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term  with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion dollars in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.This isn't just a matter of terrorism, but also quality of life. We want to make sure we are only admitting people into our country who love our country.My highest duty as President is to protect our citizens and to uphold the Constitution of the United States. I will honor that duty to the fullest extent every single day  and I will never waver in that sacred obligation.It's just a plain fact that our current immigration system makes no real attempt to determine the views of the people entering. Since 9/11, hundreds of immigrants and their children have been implicated in terrorism and terrorist-related activity in the United States.Now we learn that another 858 immigrants from dangerous countries have slipped into our country and been granted citizenship despite pending deportation orders. This is unacceptable.Altogether, there are nearly 1 million individuals in the United States with deportation orders who have not yet been removed.In the 20th Century, the United States defeated Fascism, Nazism, and Communism.Now we must defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism.Yet, my opponent won't even say the words Radical Islamic Terrorism. In fact, Hillary Clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does about Islamic terrorists. She calls the patriotic Americans who support our campaign  many of them cops and soldiers  deplorable and irredeemable. Has she ever talked that way about Radical Islam, or about those who oppress and murder women and gays overseas? Has Hillary Clinton ever called people who support these practices deplorable and irredeemable? In many countries overseas, non-believers face the death penalty  where is Hillary's condemnation here?Let's ask Hillary Clinton: how many people who subscribe to Radical Islamic views, and support the oppression of non-believers, would you call deplorable or irredeemable  or are those words reserved only for hardworking Americans that truly love their country and that support Donald Trump?America can never elect a President, like Hillary Clinton, who apparently, with her choice of words, thinks decent American citizens are a bigger threat than Radical Islamic Terrorists.Anyone who cannot name our enemy, is not fit to lead this country. Anyone who cannot condemn the hatred, oppression and violence of Radical Islam lacks the moral clarity to serve as our President.The commander-in-chief of this nation must speak with moral clarity and conviction. Our system of government is the best in the world and, as your President, I will defend our values  and speak out against all those who assault our values in any way.It's also time to remember one very important word: accountability. All this disaster with ISIS happened on Hillary Clinton's watch.Her policies in Iraq, Libya and Syria are responsible for the rise of ISIS. Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect from her record of unleashing this monstrous evil upon us.Her timetable withdrawal from Iraq, her push for regime change in Libya and Syria, her open borders policies  these are the actions that unleashed the ISIS disaster.So she will say and do anything to distract from that record of total failure.Her claim that my opposition to Radical Islamic Terrorism is a recruiting tool, demonstrates a level of ignorance about the terror threat that is disqualifying.When she says my opposition to radical Islamic Terror provides "aid and comfort," to the enemy, we know that Hillary Clinton has once again demonstrated that she is dangerously unfit for office. Her comments are not only reckless, but beneath the dignity of the office she seeks.ISIS is torturing, murdering, executing and exterminating people in a campaign of genocide. And what is Hillary Clinton's suggestion? That we should censor our vocabulary so as not to upset these butchers. I have news for Hillary Clinton: refusing to call out Radical Islam will not lessen the danger, it will only increase and embolden the danger  just like we have seen during her disastrous and failed tenure as Secretary of State.The rise of ISIS is Hillary Clinton's foreign policy legacy.Secretary Clinton has helped to topple regimes, displace millions, and then opened the door to ISIS to enter our country. How is this a smart policy?Hillary Clinton's decisions overseas have left us with the threat we face today  and her immigration policies will invite this threat onto our shores.We must stop the massive inflow of refugees  which Hillary Clinton is trying to drastically increase. We should temporarily suspend immigration entirely from regions where safe and adequate screening cannot occur.Pew polling shows that in many of the countries from which we draw large numbers of immigrants, extreme views about religion  such as the death penalty for those who leave the faith are commonplace.It is the job of a responsible government to admit only those who we expect to succeed and flourish here, and to become part of our incredible home. Hillary Clinton disagrees with this common sense rule, and it's one more reason why she can never be President.It's time to break with the corruption, the bad judgement, and the failures of the past.It is time to have a new American Future.We are going to change our immigration system to reflect American values.We are going to stop the policy of regime change overseas, and instead focus on working with our allies on a military campaign to utterly destroy ISIS and defeat Islamic terrorism. This will not only require military warfare, but also financial warfare, cyber warfare, and ideological warfare.But to win this struggle, we need to be strong at home.We are going to rebuild our country.And at the center of that effort will be the rebuilding of our inner cities.Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty, including 45% of African-American children under the age of six. 58% of African-American youth are not working.Violent crime rose in America's fifty largest cities last year. Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January of this year.The schools are failing, the jobs are leaving, and millions are trapped in poverty.To the African-American community, I say: vote for Donald J. Trump. I will fix it  I will bring back your jobs, I will fix your schools, and I will fight for you as no one ever has before.It is time for a new civil rights agenda, one that promises safe communities, great education, and good-paying jobs.My whole life has been about creating jobs. Hillary Clinton has spent her career destroying jobs  just look at upstate New York, and her terrible trade deals.Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA, she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, and she supported the job-killing deal with South Korea that she helped to push through.The South Korean deal was supposed to create 70,000 jobs  instead, we lost 100,000 jobs and our trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled.Next, Hillary Clinton wants the Trans-Pacific Partnership.Your state has lost more than 4 in 10 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA. I am going to renegotiate this disastrous deal  and if we don't get the deal we want, I will walk away.Our trade deficit is now nearly $800 billion a year  this is the economic legacy of Hillary Clinton.But we are going to turn it all around.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: Jobs, Jobs, Jobs.I am going to lower your taxes; I am going to get rid of massive amounts of unnecessary regulations, on business and in your life; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to create American energy independence; I'm going to make our government lean, responsible and efficient; I'm going to fix our terrible trade deals and defend American workers; I'm going to rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; and I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution of the United States;We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing onto our shores.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Good morning. Thank you, Christine, for that kind introduction.I also want to thank the Marcellus Shale Coalition, the Ohio Oil and Gas Association, and the West Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Association for inviting me to join you here today. Your organizations represent tens of thousands of jobs for hardworking Americans.Let me also recognize my friend, Harold Hamm.It is great to be here in Pittsburgh, the Steel City. Under a Trump Administration, we are going to bring back our steel jobs and we are going to rebuild this nation.Before going any further today, I want to address the turmoil unfolding right now in our country.Our country desperately needs unity, and it needs the spirit of togetherness that has not only got us through our toughest times  but which has lifted us up, in the past, to our greatest achievements as a nation. Every day, I see people of different backgrounds working together for a common good, and we need to bring that spirit to every part of our country  and become One American Nation, united by our shared values and principles as American Citizens.We all have to walk a mile in someone else's shoes, see things through their eyes, and then get to work fixing our wounded country.Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding on their TV screens. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the leader. How can we lead when we can't even control our own cities.We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest and demonstrate. But there is no right to engage in violent disruption, or to threaten the public safety and peace.Every single American in this country is entitled to live in a safe community. The violence against our citizens, and our law enforcement, must be brought to an end.The people who will suffer the most as a result of these riots, are law-abiding African-American residents who live in these communities. It is their jobs, housing markets, schools and economic conditions that will suffer  and the first duty of government is to protect their well-being and safety.There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor, and will never be accepted in a Trump Administration.Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disruptor, but to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace.For every one violent protestor, there are thousands of moms and dads and kids in that same community who just want to be able to sleep safely at night.More law enforcement, more community engagement, more effective policing is what our country needs.Last year, we saw a 17% rise in violent crime in our fifty largest cities. Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.More than 3,000 have been shot in Chicago so far this year alone.Nationwide, approximately 60% of murder victims under the age of 22 are African-American.This is a national crisis, and it is the job of the next President to work with our governors and mayors to address this crisis and save African-American lives.Look at the example of Mayor Rudy Giuliani in New York. The policies he put into place ultimately brought down crime by 76 percent and murder by 84 percent. Think of how many families these policies saved from the worst heartache imaginable.We need a national anti-crime agenda to make our cities safe again.I will appoint the best prosecutors, investigators and federal law enforcement officers in the country to dismantle the international cartels, gangs and criminal syndicates  and I will stop the drugs from flowing into our country.My Administration will work with local communities and local officials to make the reduction of crime a top priority.Safety is the foundation of the ladder to American success: a great education, and a good-paying job. To have the best schools, and the best jobs, you must have safe communities.That means we must recognize the contributions of our police, who come from all backgrounds and all walks of life, and who often thanklessly risk their own lives to protect the innocent.We all remember, earlier this year, when officers in Dallas  hunted down for execution  continued protecting the public until their last moments on earth.Every day, police officers risk their lives for complete strangers and, every year, many of them will go out on calls and never return.Police are entrusted with immense responsibility, and we must do everything we can to ensure they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public, and that any wrongdoing is always vigorously addressed.But our men and women in blue also need our support, our thanks, and our gratitude. They are the line separating civilization from total chaos.They are also the front lines of defense in the War on Terror, as we saw recently with their quick action following the terrorist attacks in New Jersey, and New York, and the off-duty police officer's heroic actions in Minnesota.In addition to providing safety, we must provide economic opportunity. That begins with school choice, and leads to a secure job with a rising income.This brings us to the subject of energy.Producing more American energy is a central part of my plan to Making America Wealthy Again  especially for the poorest Americans.America is sitting on a treasure trove of untapped energy  some $50 trillion dollars in shale energy, oil reserves and natural gas on federal lands, in addition to hundreds of years of coal energy reserves.It's all upside: more jobs, more revenues, more wealth, higher wages, and lower energy prices.I am going to lift the restrictions on American energy, and allow this wealth to pour into our communities  including right here in Pennsylvania.According to the Institute for Energy Research, lifting the restrictions on American energy, including shale production, will accomplish the following:increase GDP by more than $100 billion annuallyadd over 500,000 new jobs annuallyincrease annual wages by more than $30 billion over the next 7 yearsincrease federal, state, and local tax revenues by almost $6 trillion over 4 decadesincrease total economic activity by more than $20 trillion over the next 40 years.In addition, we will streamline the permitting process for all energy infrastructure projects, including the billions of dollars in projects held up by President Obama  creating countless more jobs in the process.Overall, my entire economic plan  tax reform, regulatory reform, energy reform, and trade reform  will create at least 25 million new jobs over the next 10 years, assuming an average growth rate of 3.5 percent, and I believe we will reach 4% growth.My tax plan includes a fifteen percent business tax rate, for small and large businesses, down from 35 percent today  turning America into a jobs magnet. Hillary Clinton would raise taxes on some small businesses to as high as 45 percent.Income taxes will be simplified from 7 brackets to 3, and middle class Americans will get a major tax cut  including childcare deductions and tax-free childcare savings accounts.My plan includes the elimination of all unnecessary regulations, and a temporary moratorium on new regulations not compelled by Congress or public safety. Overregulation is costing our economy $2 trillion a year.On energy, my economic plan unlocks our shale oil and gas, and the energy technologies of both today and tomorrow.Finally, my plan includes a renegotiation of America's trade deals, and the enforcement of trade rules, to increase jobs and wealth inside the United States. Strong border controls will also protect our workers and save our budget trillions in the long-term.It is perhaps the most pro-growth economic plan in American history.Compare that to my opponent. She plans a $1.3 trillion tax hike, massive new regulations, the offshoring of American jobs, and the aggressive restriction of American energy production. Her plan will help only her wealthy donors, and global special interests, who benefit from the rigged system.Hillary Clinton wants to put the coal miners out of work, ban hydraulic fracturing in most places, and extensively restrict and ban energy production on public lands and in most offshore areas.This will produce devastation for states like Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia, where shale energy and coal production are critical parts of the economy.Her plan hurts states like Colorado, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, and any anywhere with access to either onshore or offshore energy resources.She also supports blocking the energy infrastructure that is needed to move our energy resources to the marketplace.According to the Wall Street Journal, "Overall, more than a dozen [fossil fuel] projects, worth about $33 billion, have been either rejected by regulators or withdrawn by developers since 2012, with billions more tied up in projects still in regulatory limbo."Examples of energy transportation projects blocked or abandoned include an $850 million coal export facility in Washington, a $3 billion natural gas pipeline in the Northeast, and a $6.8 billion Liquid Natural Gas export facility, among others.Billions of dollars in private infrastructure investment have been lost to the Obama-Clinton restriction agenda.The platform produced by Hillary Clinton's party this year also calls for a "price on carbon." That's just political-speak for a massive new tax on coal and shale production  a tax on American consumers.And remember, every energy dollar that isn't harvested here in America is harvested instead in a foreign country  often foreign countries not very friendly to us.That not only means we are sending our jobs to those countries, but it means energy is being produced in foreign countries that lack our high environmental and conservation standards.That is just one more reason why we should pursue the safe and responsible production of America's vast energy reserves.We need an America-First energy plan.This means opening federal lands for oil and gas production; opening offshore areas; and revoking policies that are imposing unnecessary restrictions on innovative new exploration technologies.The development of the Marcellus and Utica Shales will fundamentally change the economic landscape of this region and our country, bringing extraordinary new prosperity to millions  more jobs, higher wages, a larger tax base, and dollars flowing into our country for a change, instead of out of our country.Hillary Clinton's war on energy will cost our economy $5 trillion dollars.She has not only declared war on the miners but on oil and natural gas production  which supports 10 million jobs in the United States.Access to low-cost liquid natural gas also supports the American chemical industry, which supports 40,000 jobs in Pennsylvania.We have just begun, as a nation, to recognize our economic advantage that is made possible by shale energy. The Shale Energy Revolution will unleash massive wealth for American workers and families.At the same time, this energy revolution will produce new demand for American steel.But federal restrictions remain a major impediment to both shale production specifically, and energy production in general.Currently, less than 10 percent of the federally managed surface and mineral estates are leased for oil and gas development.Almost 90% of our nation's offshore acreage is off-limits to energy production.Our energy policy will make full use of our domestic energy sources, including traditional and renewable energy sources.That means we will end the war on coal.I will rescind the coal mining lease moratorium, the excessive Interior Department stream rule, and conduct a top-down review of all anti-coal regulations issued by the Obama Administration.We will eliminate the highly-invasive "Waters of the US" rule, and scrap the $5 trillion dollar Obama-Clinton Climate Action Plan and the Clean Power Plan  these unilateral plans will increase monthly electric bills by double-digits without any measurable improvement in climate.I will refocus the EPA on its core mission of ensuring clean air, and clean, safe drinking water for all Americans.I believe firmly in conserving our wonderful natural resources and beautiful natural habitats. My environmental agenda will be guided by true specialists in conservation, not those with radical political agendas.It will be a future of conservation, of prosperity, and of great success.It will be a future of new technology, new innovation, and new solutions.It will be a future we can achieve together, beginning with a victory on November 8th.We Will make America Wealthy Again.We Will make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you. It's wonderful to be here in Pennsylvania.Great polls keep coming in. A brand new Rasmussen poll has us up 5 points nationwide.On November 8th, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.We are going to replace our failed and corrupt establishment with a new government that serves you, your family, and your country.At the center of our society is going to be a simple promise to every American: safety.We are going to Make America Safe Again.The rioting in our streets is a threat to all peaceful citizens. It must be ended.The main victims of these violent demonstrations are law-abiding African-Americans who live in these communities and only want to raise their children in peace.Who is looking out for them?For every one violent disruptor, there are thousands of moms and dads in those same communities who just want their kids to be able to walk home safely from school.To all our citizens, in all of our inner cities, and all across the country, I say these words to you tonight: I'm with you and I will fight for you.The job of a leader is to stand in someone else's shoes and see things from their perspective. Hillary Clinton calls people who don't support her deplorable, and irredeemable. I call anyone who doesn't support me an American citizen who is entitled to equal representation under the law.I will be a President for all Americans, and I will campaign for every last vote, in every last community.I will extend my hand to every mayor in this country who wants to be a partner in making our cities safer for their citizens.But to do this, we must work with our police  not against our police.Those peddling the narrative of cops as a racist force in our society  a narrative supported with a nod by my opponent  share directly in the responsibility for the unrest that is afflicting our country and hurting those who have the very least.Low-income African-Americans in these communities are the ones suffering in terms of lost jobs, lost property values, and lost lives.65 people have been shot in the city of Chicago alone since Friday.The problem is not that there are too many police. The problem is that there are not enough police.Police are entrusted with immense responsibility, and we must do everything we can to ensure they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public, and that any wrongdoing is always vigorously addressed.But our men and women in blue also need our support, our thanks, and our gratitude. They are the line separating civilization from chaos.Hillary Clinton does not have to worry about the sirens and the gunshots at night. No, it's the poor family living in the inner city  it's the mother who feels like a refugee in her own country.Who is there to represent these families?Hillary Clinton doesn't want to hear their voices. So I will be their voice, and I will be a voice for all of the forgotten Americans in this country. People who just want a secure community for their families, good schools for the kids, and a good-paying job to support their loved ones.We will bring security to our African-American communities, and to our Latino communities. We will also bring school choice, and new prosperity.Democrats have run our inner cities for more than half a century. It's time for change  it's time for a New American Future.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.My opponent likes to say that for decades, she has been "fighting for women." That she has been "fighting for children." Why then are 70 million American women and children living in poverty, or on the brink of poverty? Why has she provided no relief for the millions of Americans in search of affordable, reliable quality childcare? You know the old saying, "Watch what I do, not what I say."At the Trump Organization, and in my campaign for President, women occupy some of the highest positions. I have employed thousands of women in my company. Women of different backgrounds. Women of many talents.And just last week here in Pennsylvania, I was joined by my daughter, Ivanka, and I laid out my plan for childcare and eldercare.We have also talked about improving education, and I will talk about it more tonight. A first-class public school education, as well as options for alternatives through charter schools, school choice, and homeschooling, is a right, not a privilege. The opportunity to attend a two or four-year college, or to pursue a trade or a skill set through vocational and technical education, should be easier to access, pay for, and finish. Education is the bedrock of our society.Women also value security. They want a Commander-in-Chief that will defeat radical Islamic terrorism and protect our borders. As I campaign across this country, I hear so many stories and pleas, from women especially, about drug addiction and opioid use. They are doing their best in their communities and for their families to provide a safe and nurturing environment.But even the best-laid plans cannot always protect our youth, and increasingly, many adults, from the scourge of drugs. We lose thousands of our fellow Americans every year to opioid use. I will stop the drug inflow from our borders. These drugs come over the border and make their way into our urban and rural communities, and into our suburbs.This must change. Every change starts with a conversation. Together, we will have this conversation. And we will make this change.The changes will start immediately.On my first day in office, I am going to immediately begin lifting all regulations that are hurting our workers and our businesses.This will unleash a technology revolution. America will become the best place to innovate and to invest in the future. The next great American invention, the next great improvement to our lives, is right around the corner. All we have to do is remove the red tape.Our plan includes one of the biggest tax reforms in American history. It's going to include a 15% tax rate for all businesses, small and large, making our country a magnet for new jobs.We are going to unleash an American Energy Revolution. Oil, coal, natural gas, shale energy, and renewables. This will add at least half a million new jobs every single year.But to be a prosperous nation, we need to be a country that makes and builds things in our own country.That is why I will direct the Department of Commerce to identify every single violation of our trading rules by our foreign competitors. We will apply every lawful remedy to end these trade abuses.Steel jobs, and all manufacturing jobs, will be returning to Pennsylvania in a very big way.Your state has lost one-third of your manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, and one-fourth of your manufacturing jobs since China joined the World Trade Organization. These were both Bill Clinton deals backed by Hillary Clinton.The Clintons robbed Pennsylvania, stole your jobs, and shipped them to other countries  we are going to bring them back.Jobs will come flowing back in all over America.It used to be that cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Today, the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.We're going to turn it all around.There's a reason the hedge fund managers are all donating to Hillary Clinton's campaign  and not mine. Everybody getting rich off the rigged system, and who wants nothing to change, are throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.My campaign is powered by my own money, and by small dollar donations from everyday patriotic citizens.95% of our donors are small dollar donations. Every dollar helps us deliver your country back to you  visit DonaldJTrump.com to find out how you can help our movement.Let me tell you what else we're going to do.One of the biggest problems facing young people and families today is the cost of college education. The cost of college has increased by over 500% since 1973.But what a lot of people don't know is that universities get massive tax breaks for their massive endowments. These huge multi-billion dollar endowments are tax-free, but too many of these universities don't use the money to help with tuition and student debt.Instead, these universities use the money to pay their administrators, or put donors' names on buildings, or just store the money away. In fact, many universities spend more on private equity fund managers than tuition programs.But they should be using the money on the students  for tuition, for student life, and for student housing.On top of that, the federal government spends over $70 billion in higher education every year, plus another $130 billion on federal loans.Here again, the universities don't use the money to reduce the price of college  but to increase it.We have to break this cycle. I'm going to work with Congress on reforms to make sure that if universities want access to all of these special federal tax breaks and tax dollars  paid for by you  that they are making a good faith effort to reduce the cost of college and student debt, and to spend their endowments on their own students.Another major issue for all American families is healthcare. President Obama promised Obamacare would reduce the cost of healthcare by $2,500 dollars. Instead, the opposite happened  the cost of healthcare has increased nearly $5,000 dollars during that time.Just one more Washington lie  like the lie that if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.It's a disaster.That is why, on my first day, I am going to ask Congress to immediately send me a bill to repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.We are going to replace government-run Obamacare with reforms that put patients first. These reforms include expanding access to popular Healthcare Savings Accounts, empowering Americans to shop for the insurance of their choice across state lines, and block granting Medicaid to the states so they can design innovative solutions to best serve our most vulnerable citizens.Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, wants to give Obamacare to illegal immigrants and wants a total government takeover of healthcare.Her plan also gives Social Security and Medicare to illegal immigrants, by making them citizens  bankrupting these programs for Americans.She doesn't understand how Democracy works. Public servants are just that  they're there to serve you. But the only people Hillary Clinton has ever served are the special interests.Our campaign is about breaking-up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives.They're all part of the same political establishment. They go to the same restaurants, they attend the same conferences, they have the same friends and connections. They all support the same ideology of globalism that makes them rich while shipping your jobs, your factories, and your wealth to other countries.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States. I Am For America  and America First.Together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams.Government will start working again. Fixing things is what I do. Just look at my projects in New York, where I turned rundown spaces into new centers of business, activity and opportunity  where others saw only problems, I saw only potential.We turned empty lots into homes, offices and living memories for thousands of workers and families.That's what I want to do for our country  I want to go into the neglected neighborhoods, the failing schools, the forgotten stretches of this nation, and unlock their potential for all of our people.I've made a living for years looking at unused spaces and imagining what they could be. Politicians look at blighted neighborhoods and offer only excuses  I look at those same neighborhoods and offer solutions.We spend so much time thinking about how things used to be, we've stopped thinking about how great things could be  all we have to do is tune out the doubters, the cynics, and the naysayers.We are a nation of strivers, dreamers, and believers  and that's the spirit that will carry us to victory in November, and to great victories as a nation.It's that same spirit of resilience I have seen visiting the flood-ravaged towns in Louisiana, or meeting with the incredible but hard-hit people in cities and towns like Flint, Michigan.It's that spirit of strength we will need to start winning again as a country.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th.You have to knock on doors. You have to pick up that phone. Go to our website to learn more. You have to campaign on the streets. Spread the love that we have in this room to the people of our country. To beat the system, you have to lift your voice, pound the pavement, and get out the vote.You have 46 days to change the world. You have 46 days to make possible every dream you ever dreamed of for your country.You have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this nation.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.This November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than Ever Before.Here is just some of what will happen starting in January of 2017:I am going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; unleash American energy; appoint justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold the Constitution of the United States; close our border to terrorists, save the 2nd amendment; and put American workers first.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Jobs will return, incomes will rise, and new factories will come rushing onto our shores.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. It's wonderful to be here in Virginia, a state where I have so many great friends and wonderful employees.Tremendous polls keep coming in. A brand new Rasmussen poll has us up 5 points nationwide.On November 8th, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.We are going to take on the big donors, and big business, and big media  we are going to take on the rigged system that has shipped America's wealth to other countries.We are going to replace our failed and corrupt establishment with a new government that serves you, your family, and your country.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We will cut taxes for all working and middle-class households in America.We will reduce regulations, which will put more money into the hands of our poorest workers and bring thousands of new companies to our shores.We will unleash American energy, creating millions of new jobs and lowering energy costs. The Obama-Clinton energy restrictions are nothing more than a massive tax on the poor  we will remove those restrictions day one.We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.President Obama promised his plan would reduce premiums by $2,500 dollars. Instead, they surged $5,000.Our replacement plan includes expanded access to Healthcare Savings Accounts, with support for those who need it. It includes allowing Americans to buy health insurance across state lines in all 50 states, creating a dynamic and competitive new market  they will be competing for your business.We're also going to block grant Medicaid so states can develop innovative solutions to make sure no citizen in poverty ever falls through the cracks. High-risk pools will also help to ensure that those with pre-existing conditions will always get the quality coverage they need.On trade, we are going to end the international abuse, the foreign cheating, and the one-sided rules that govern NAFTA and the World Trade Organization. Right now, America eliminates its tariffs, but then other countries tax our goods with backdoor tariffs and close their markets.Our massive, chronic trade deficits are destroying the middle class  and shifting money away from workers to large corporations who have no borders. There's a reason hedge funds and Wall Street are giving tens of millions to my opponent.Hillary Clinton is the voice for the global special interests.I am running to be the voice of the forgotten men and women.My opponent likes to say that for decades, she has been "fighting for women." That she has been "fighting for children."Why then are 70 million American women and children living in poverty, or on the brink of poverty? Why has she provided no relief for the millions of Americans in search of affordable, reliable quality childcare? You know the old saying, "Watch what I do, not what I say."At the Trump Organization, and in my campaign for President, women occupy some of the highest positions. I have employed thousands of women in my company. Women of different backgrounds. Women of many talents.And just last week, joined by my daughter, Ivanka, I laid out my plan for childcare and eldercare. That plan has many great features, including tax-free childcare savings accounts. Low-income parents are given tax credits they can put straight into those accounts, and then get a $500 dollar per child match for those savings accounts deposits.Families can also deduct the cost of childcare from their taxes, a huge tax cut for the middle class.We have also talked about improving education. My plan includes school choice for every disadvantaged child in America.We are also going to bring down the cost of college.Universities get massive federal funds, and huge tax breaks for their endowments  but then they don't spend those funds or those endowments on their students. I will work with Congress to make sure these special federal benefits are not available unless universities begin to reduce tuition and student debt. This will get to the problem at the source, and reduce both the cost for students and the cost for taxpayers. Our students are drowning and we're going to fix it.Women also value security. They want a Commander-in-Chief that will defeat radical Islamic terrorism, stop the massive inflow of refugees, protect our borders, and who will reduce the rising crime and violence in our cities.As I campaign across this country, I hear so many stories and pleas, from women especially, about drug addiction and opioid use. They are doing their best in their communities and for their families to provide a safe and nurturing environment.But even the best-laid plans cannot always protect our youth, and increasingly, many adults, from the scourge of drugs. We lose thousands of our fellow Americans every year to opioid use. I will stop the drug inflow from our borders. These drugs come over the border and make their way into our urban and rural communities, and into our suburbs.This must change. Every change starts with a conversation. Together, we will have this conversation. And we will make this change.The changes will start immediately.Here, in Virginia, we are going to end the war on American energy. Hillary Clinton says she wants to put the miners out of work. Clinton and Kaine also want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas. The Clinton regulatory agenda will drive up electricity prices for Virginia families and will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion.By the way, less than a week after taking office, Tim Kaine proposed a $4 billion dollar tax hike in Virginia, including on people earning as little as $17,000 dollars a year.We are going to open up all sources of American energy and bring jobs, wealth, and cheaper electricity to Virginia.Another major part of our agenda is safety.I believe every family in America is entitled to live in safety and peace.Today, the nation just opened the Smithsonian National Museum of African-American History and Culture. We congratulate and honor those involved with the project, and recognize today the incredible contributions of the African-American community to this nation.African-Americans have given so much to this nation and sacrificed so much for this nation.Many African-Americans are succeeding so greatly in our country, and I will make sure their success is protected and supported.At the same time, too many African-Americans have been left behind and trapped in poverty.I will fight to make sure every single African-American child in this country is fully included in the American Dream.That includes the new civil rights issue of our time: School Choice.Democrats have run the inner cities for half a century or more, and produced only more joblessness and poverty.The jobs are leaving, the schools are failing, and crime is rising.To those suffering, I say: Vote for Donald Trump. What do you have to lose? I will fix it. I will fight harder for you than anyone has before.The policies of Hillary Clinton have brought only suffering in our inner cities  just like her bad judgment overseas unleashed suffering everywhere she went.Of course, she got rich through it all  the Clintons made another $60 million in gross income while she was Secretary of State.Worst of all, she put her public office up for sale  and then bleached her emails, and destroyed her phones, to try to cover her tracks following a congressional subpoena.There's a reason the hedge fund managers are donating to Hillary Clinton's campaign  and not mine. Everybody getting rich off the rigged system, and who wants nothing to change, are throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.My campaign is powered by my own money, and by small dollar donations from everyday patriotic citizens.95% of our donors are small dollar donations. Every dollar helps us deliver your country back to you.Our campaign is about breaking up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives. They're all part of the same political establishment.They go to the same restaurants, they attend the same conferences, they have the same friends and connections. They all support the same ideology of globalism that makes them rich while shipping your jobs, your factories, and your wealth to other countries.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States. I Am For America  and America First.Together, we will rebuild this country beyond our greatest dreams.Government will start working again. Fixing things is what I do. Just look at my projects in New York, where I turned rundown spaces into new centers of business, activity and opportunity  where others saw only problems, I saw only potential.We turned empty lots into homes, offices and living memories for thousands of workers and families.That's what I want to do for our country  I want to go into the neglected neighborhoods, the failing schools, the forgotten stretches of this nation, and unlock their potential for all of our people.I've made a living for years looking at unused spaces and imagining what they could be. Politicians look at blighted neighborhoods and offer only excuses  I look at those same neighborhoods and offer solutions.We spend so much time thinking about how things used to be, we've stopped thinking about how great things could be  all we have to do is tune out the doubters, the cynics, and the naysayers.We are a nation of strivers, dreamers, and believers  and that's the spirit that will carry us to victory in November, and to great victories as a nation.It's that same spirit of resilience I have seen visiting the flood-ravaged towns in Louisiana, or meeting with the incredible but hard-hit people in cities and towns like Flint, Michigan.It used to be the cars were made in Flint, and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Today, cars are made in Mexico, and you can't drink the water in Flint. We'll turn it all around.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th.You have to knock on doors. You have to pick up that phone. Go to our website to learn more. You have to campaign on the streets. Spread the love that we have in this room to the people of our country. To beat the system, you have to lift your voice, pound the pavement, and get out the vote.You have 44 days until the big vote. You have 44 days to make possible every dream you ever dreamed of for your country.You have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman, and child in this nation.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.This November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than Ever Before.Here is just some of what will happen starting in January of 2017:I am going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; unleash American energy; end illegal immigration  and yes we will build the wall [Mexico will pay]; save the 2nd amendment, and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools, and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.And we will put our great miners and steelworkers back to work.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as One American People.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Hillary Clinton has a 3-word campaign pledge. It reads: "I'm With Her."I have a different pledge: I'm With You  the American People.To all of our people, in all of our cities and towns, I say these words to you tonight: I'm with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. I always look forward to coming back to Iowa, a state where I have so many friends  including your incredible governor, Terry Branstad.We are doing so well in Iowa, a recent Reuters poll had us up by 10 points.On November 8, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.It's going to be a victory for YOU, the American people.We are going to take on the special interests, the lobbyists, and the corrupt corporate media that have rigged the system against everyday Americans.We are going to create a new government that serves you, your family, and your country.Lower taxes, less regulation, more affordable childcare, fair trade deals, secure borders, thriving family farms, and millions and millions of new jobs.We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and restore dignity and honesty to government service.Hillary Clinton is an insider fighting only for insiders.I am an outsider fighting for you.Everything you need to know about Hillary Clinton can be understood with this simple phrase: Follow The Money.In her campaign for President, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.She received $4.1 million in speaking fees from financial firms.The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.And don't forget the Clinton contributors were appointed to advisory boards by Secretary Clinton  or all the favors and access granted to those who wrote checks. She even gave up 20% of American Uranium to Russia.She disgraced the office of Secretary of State by putting it up for sale - and if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.We can't let that happen. That's why you have to go out and vote on November 8th, and early voting in Iowa starts tomorrow.She deleted and bleached 33,000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing, several destroyed with a hammer. Her staffers taking the fifth amendment, and her ringleaders getting immunity deals. Foreign enemies with easy access to hack her server. Lies to Congress, under oath, about turning over her work-related emails.The Clintons have perfected the politics of profit.The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that offshore jobs  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.The special interests who want open borders are donating to Hillary Clinton. That's why Hillary Clinton is pushing for a 550% increase in Syrian refugees.She and her financial backers will say anything, do anything, lie about anything to keep their grip on power  to keep their control over this country.The American people have had it with corrupt Clinton ways. They are tired of the lies, they are tired of the trivial politics, they are tired of being talked down to, looked down upon, and treated like second class citizens.How many more Clinton scandals can this country take - one after another after another? They are the sordid past. We are the bright future.While our campaign outlines big changes and bold solutions to make your life better, the Clinton campaign focuses only on small and petty distractions.Never in American history have so many serious challenges been met with so unserious a campaign as the campaign of Hillary Clinton.This will be the year the American people say: Enough is enough.It's time for real change  a new foreign policy, a new economic policy, a new immigration policy, a new trade policy.Hillary Clinton has been a disaster for so many communities, but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton  they are too smart, and they know they are being used. They also know that she'll do nothing for them once the election is over  she never does, and that will never change. Many of them will never forget her calling young African-American men "super-predators."Same thing goes for Hispanic voters  they are tired of being used by people like Hillary Clinton, that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.Hillary Clinton is a vessel for the special interests trying to strip this country of its wealth, its jobs, and its status as a sovereign nation. She is a globalist who has made a career taking jobs from our country and giving them to other countries.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.From now on, it's going to be America First.Have you ever wondered why it is that all things that the American people want never seem to happen?Why can't we have the schools we want, and the borders we want, and the security we want? Why can't we have policies that support small business, or family farms, or the miners and the steelworkers?The answer is simple. Because the financial interests who control our politics and our media don't want these changes to happen.These special interests control Hillary Clinton. She is their chosen representative. You can disregard everything she says and just remember this phrase: Follow The Money. She's there for only one reason, to protect her donors.Look at her career. She's been there for 30 years, and has never done anything for you and your family. She's failed at everything. She failed in Iraq, in Libya, in Syria, in Iran, in Egypt. She failed on Russia, on China, on North Korea.She failed upstate New York.She failed the inner cities.She's failed women and children. I've created thousands of jobs for women in this country, of incredible talent. Hillary Clinton has been in Washington for 30 years and now 70 million American women and children are in poverty or on the brink of poverty.And she has been a disaster on our borders.I'd like to invite on up here Michelle Root, the mother of Sarah Root, who was killed by an illegal immigrant released into the country under the Obama catch-and-release policies championed by Hillary Clinton.Hillary Clinton supports Sanctuary Cities. Where was the Sanctuary for Sarah?The only people Hillary Clinton has ever delivered for are her donors. Just Follow The Money.Her single greatest achievement may be getting away with her massive e-mail scandal and criminal cover-up.Our campaign is taking on big business, big media and big donors  we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.That includes keeping your family safe.New FBI statistics shows that homicide rose 15% last year in America's large cities, and that it's the largest single-year increase in 45 years.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January.60% of murder victims under the age of 22 in this country are African-American.45% of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in poverty.I will never back down from fighting to save American lives.I will never back down from fighting to create safety and wealth for our inner cities.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We will cut your taxes, reduce regulations  including on our farmers  negotiate great trade deals, unleash American energy and we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.We are also going to end common core and offer school choice to every disadvantaged child  including every poor Hispanic and African-American child in America.The people getting rich off the rigged system are the people throwing their money at Hillary Clinton. Remember: Follow the Money.Our campaign is about breaking-up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives.They're all part of the same political establishment. They go to the same restaurants, they attend the same conferences, they have the same friends and connections. And they nod along when Hillary Clinton slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable.I call you hardworking American Patriots and together we are going to save this country.Government will start working again. Fixing things is what I do. Just look at my projects in New York, and around the world, where I revitalized neighborhoods and lifted up skylines.An article in the New York Post was published recently called "How Donald Trump helped save New York City."The article said, quote: "Trump waded into a landscape of empty Fifth Avenue storefronts, the dust-bowl mugging ground that was Central Park and a Wall Street area seemingly on its last legs as companies moved out Trump  almost by force of will  rode to the rescue. Expressing rare faith in the future, he was instrumental in kick-starting the regeneration of neighborhoods and landmarks almost given up for dead."That's what I want to do for our country  I want to go into the neglected neighborhoods, the failing schools, the forgotten stretches of this nation, and unlock their potential for all of our people.Together, we can accomplish anything we want.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th  and it means you need to start voting early. Early voting is so important.You have to knock on doors. You have to pick up that phone. You have to campaign on the streets. Spread the love that we have in this room to the people of our country. To beat the system, you have to lift your voice, pound the pavement, and get out the vote. Visit our website to find out how you can help.You have six weeks until the election. You have six weeks to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.You have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this nation.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.This November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than Ever Before.Here is just some of what will happen starting in January of 2017:I am going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace Obamacare; unleash American energy; end illegal immigration; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. It's so great to be in Wisconsin tonight.A recent Reuters poll had us tied in Wisconsin, and we were just in Iowa where we are up by 10 in the Reuters poll  and a new post-debate Google poll has leading Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationwide, and that's despite the fact that they were suppressing bad news about Hillary Clinton.On November 8th, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.It's going to be a victory for YOU, the American people.We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and restore dignity and honesty to government service.Hillary Clinton is an insider who fights only for her donors and for herself.I am an outsider fighting for you.One of the first things we are going to do is restore law and order to this country. Our good friend, Sheriff Clarke, is here with us tonight.New FBI statistics shows that homicide rose 15% last year in America's large cities, and that it's the largest single-year increase in 45 years.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.Across the entire nation, for cities of all sizes, small and large, the homicide rates rose by more than 10% last year.This is a national crisis.Yet, my opponent, Hillary Clinton, continues to attack the police. First, she calls our supporters  many of them cops, soldiers and firefighters  deplorable and irredeemable.Then, in our debate this week, she accusses the entire country, including all of law enforcement, of "implicit bias,"  essentially suggesting that everyone, including our police, are basically racist and prejudiced.Maybe Hillary Clinton should confine her comments to herself. After all, she is the one who described young African-American men as "super-predators."How can Hillary Clinton try to lead this country when she has such a low opinion of its citizens?How can she lead a country when she thinks America is full of racists, deplorables and irredeemables?By smearing tens of millions of hardworking, decent Americans she has rendered herself unfit to be President.She has nothing but hostility in her heart for hardworking Americans, of all backgrounds, who just want to live in safety, security and peace.The police officers she attacks are the same people  of all colors and nationalities  who race into danger every day to save the lives of complete strangers.Those fostering the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in this country share directly in the blame for the violence and chaos that threatens our most vulnerable citizens.My agenda of reducing crime will benefit all Americans, but those who will benefit most are African-American and Hispanic-American citizens living in high crime communities. We are going to save thousands of lives.The special interests, the arrogant media, and the political insiders, don't want me to talk about the crime that is happening in our country and in our inner cities. They don't want you to know about the hurt and pain that is happening to our fellow citizens. They just want me to just go along with the same failed policies that have caused so much needless suffering and so much preventable heartache.Well, I have news for the people trying to silence me and trying to silence all of us.I will never back down from fighting to save American lives.I will never back down from fighting to save America's inner cities.The only people Hillary Clinton ever fights for are the special interests who write her checks. Follow The Money.Hillary Clinton has been a disaster for so many communities, but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton  they are too smart, and they know they are being used. They also know that she'll do nothing for them once the election is over  she never does, and that will never change.Same thing goes for Hispanic voters  they are tired of being used by people like Hillary Clinton, that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.58% of African-American youth don't have jobs. There is another shooting in Chicago every 2 hours. 45% of African-American children under the age of six are living in poverty.The inner cities have been left behind.Crime is through the roof, public education is a disaster, there are no jobs, it's dangerous to walk down the street with your child. To the African-American community, I say: what do you have to lose? Vote for Donald Trump, I will fix it.I will fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before.Everything you need to know about Hillary Clinton can be understood with this simple phrase: Follow The Money.The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that offshore jobs  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow The Money.The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow The Money.The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow The Money.The special interests who want open borders, for cheap labor, are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow The Money.She and her financial backers will say anything, do anything, lie about anything to keep their grip on power  to keep their control over this country.In her campaign for President, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.She received $4.1 million in speaking fees from financial firms.She and Bill received a total of $150 million in speaking fees from special interests since Bill left office. It's all part of the rigged system being run at your expense.The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.And don't forget the Clinton contributors were appointed to advisory boards by Secretary Clinton  or all the favors and access granted to those who provided funds. She even gave up 20% of America's uranium supply to Russia.She put the office of Secretary of State up for sale  and if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.She deleted and bleached 33,000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing, several destroyed with a hammer. Her staffers taking the fifth amendment, and her ringleaders getting immunity deals. Foreign enemies with easy access to hack her server. Lies to Congress, under oath, about turning over her work-related emails.The American people have had it with years, decades, of the Clintons' scandals and corruption.This will be the year the American people said: Enough is enough.Hillary Clinton is a vessel for the special interests trying to strip this country of its wealth, its jobs, and its status as a sovereign nation. She is a globalist who has made a career taking jobs from our country and giving them to other countries.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.From now on, it's going to be America First.These special interests control Hillary Clinton. She is their chosen representative. You can disregard everything she says and just remember this phrase: Follow The Money. She's there for only one reason, to protect her donors and collect their money.Look at her career. She's been there for 30 years, and has never done anything for you and your family. She's failed at everything. She failed in Iraq, in Libya, in Syria, in Iran, in Egypt. She failed on ISIS  in fact, she unleashed ISIS onto the world.She failed upstate New York  promising 200,000 jobs, but instead the jobs left. All she did was name a post office and a highway.She failed the inner cities.She's failed women and children.The only people Hillary Clinton has ever delivered for are her donors.Our campaign is taking on big business, big media and big donors  we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.I'm not owned or controlled by anyone  my loyalty is to you, and no one else. I WILL FIGHT FOR YOU.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We will cut your taxes, reduce regulations, negotiate great trade deals, unleash American energy and we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.We are also going to end common core and offer school choice to every disadvantaged child  including every poor Hispanic and African-American child in America. We will put every American kid on the ladder of American success: a great education, and a great job.The people getting rich off the rigged system are the people throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.Follow the Money.Our campaign is about breaking-up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives.They're all part of the same rigged political establishment. They go to the same restaurants, they attend the same conferences, they have the same friends and connections. And they are all in for a big day of reckoning on November 8th.Government will start working for you again. Fixing things is what I do. Just look at my projects in New York, and around the world, where I revitalized neighborhoods and lifted up skylines.That's what I want to do for our country  I want to go into every neighborhood and unlock their potential for all of our people.Together, we can accomplish anything we want.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th  and it means you need to start voting early. Early voting is already underway.You have to knock on doors. You have to pick up that phone. You have to campaign on the streets. Spread the love that we have in this room to the people of our country. To beat the system, you have to lift your voice, pound the pavement, and get out the vote. Visit our website to find out how you can help.You have six weeks until the election. You have six weeks to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.You have one last magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this nation.Don't let it slip away. Don't let this chance go. Stand up and be heard  for your family, for your city, for your country.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.This November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than Ever Before.Here is just some of what will happen starting in January of 2017:I am going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace Obamacare; unleash American energy; end illegal immigration; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. It is always so great to be back in New Hampshire, the state where we had our first victory in this incredible journey.I've come to know and love the people of New Hampshire. You are strong, independent and you are free.We are all going to work very hard together over the next 40 days, and we are going to win this state, we are going to win the White House.We are going to take on the special interests, the lobbyists, and the corrupt corporate media that have rigged the system against everyday Americans.We are going to create millions of new jobs for our people, trillions in new wealth for our communities, and rising wages for every working American.We are going to create a new government that serves you, your family, and your country.We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and restore dignity and honesty to government service.Hillary Clinton is an insider fighting only for herself and for her donors.I am an outsider fighting for you.Everything you need to know about Hillary Clinton can be understood with this simple but very important phrase: Follow The Money.The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that offshore jobs  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The special interests who want open borders are donating to Hillary Clinton.Again, just follow the money.In her campaign for President, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.She and Bill were paid $150 million for speeches since Bill left the Oval Office.The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.Favors and access were granted to those who wrote checks.She put the office of Secretary of State up for sale  and if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.She deleted and bleached 33,000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing, several destroyed with a hammer. Her staffers taking the fifth amendment, and her ringleaders getting immunity deals. We're going to call them the FBI Immunity 5. Foreign enemies with easy access to hack her server. Lies to Congress, under oath, about turning over her work-related emails.She and her financial backers will say anything, do anything, lie about anything to keep their grip on power  to keep their control over this country.The American people have had it with years, decades, of Clinton Corruption and scandals. They are tired of the lies, they are tired of the trivial politics, they are tired of being talked down to, looked down upon, and treated like second class citizens.The Clintons are the sordid past.We are the bright future.While our campaign outlines big changes and bold solutions to make your life better, the Clinton campaign focuses only on small and petty distractions.This will be the year the American people say: Enough is enough.Hillary Clinton has been a disaster for so many communities, but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton  they are too smart, and they know they are being used. They also know that she'll do nothing for them once the election is over  she never does, and that will never change. Many of them will never forget her calling young African-American men "super-predators."Same thing goes for Hispanic voters  they are tired of being used by people like Hillary Clinton, that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.A Trump Administration will bring prosperity to all of our people.My economic agenda can be summed up with three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We are going to pass the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan, and we are going to lower the business rate from 35% to 15% -- making America into a magnet for new jobs.Every wasteful and unnecessary regulation will be eliminated, along with every illegal executive order.We will unleash the power of American energy  we are sitting on $50 trillion dollars in untapped energy reserves, and we are going to put that wealth into the pockets of the American people.Common core will be ended, and disadvantaged children will be allowed to attend the school of their choice.The catastrophe known as Obamacare will be repealed and replaced.And the disastrous trade deals, like NAFTA, that have caused so much pain in New Hampshire, will be renegotiated.NAFTA was signed by Bill Clinton, and supported by Hillary Clinton  and your state has lost 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since it was approved. You've lost 1 in 4 since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.Hillary Clinton has been on the wrong side of every major trade deal in her career and, if she gets the chance, she would approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership  which would destroy manufacturing in this state.Hillary Clinton is merely a vessel for the special interests trying to strip this country of its wealth, its jobs, and its status as a sovereign nation. She is a globalist who has made a career taking jobs from our country and giving them to other countries.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.From now on, it's going to be America First.Have you ever wondered why it is that all things that the American people want never seem to happen?Think about it. For how many years have the American people asked for our tax code to be fixed? Or for our infrastructure to be repaired? Or for the waste to be removed from the budget? For how many years have voters pleaded for secure borders, fair trade deals, and quality schools that serve parents and students?All the things you've ever wanted for your country have been denied.The reason for this is simple. It's because the financial interests who control our politics and our media don't want these changes to happen.These special interests control Hillary Clinton. She is their chosen representative.She's been there for 30 years, and has never done anything for you and your family.She's there for only one reason, to protect her donors and collect their money.Our campaign is taking on big business, big media and big donors  we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.That includes keeping your family safe.New FBI statistics shows that homicide rose 15% last year in America's large cities, and that it's the largest single-year increase in 45 years.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since January.The failed politicians and the arrogant media don't want me to talk about the crime and the violence that is happening in our country. They just want me to go along with the status quo.Well, I have news for the people trying to silence me, and trying to silence all of us.We will never back down from fighting to save American lives.That also means keeping our nation safe from Radical Islamic Terrorism. Hillary Clinton can't even say the words.We are also going to keep our country safe from drugs. New Hampshire has suffered so greatly from the heroin crisis and the drugs pouring across our border. The rate of heroin overdoses has nearly quadrupled  once again, our politicians have tragically failed this country and its people.I am going to stop the drugs from pouring across our border  that is a promise.The people getting rich off the rigged system are the people throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.Our campaign is about breaking-up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives.They're all part of the same corrupt political establishment. And they nod along when Hillary Clinton slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable.I call you hardworking American Patriots and together we are going to save this country.Together, we can accomplish anything we want.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th.You have to knock on doors. You have to pick up that phone. You have to campaign on the streets. Spread the love that we have in this room to the people of our country. To beat the system, you have to lift your voice, pound the pavement, and get out the vote. Visit our website to find out how you can help.You have 40 days until the election. You have 40 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.Do Not Let This Chance Slip Away.You have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this nation.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.On November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than ever before.Here is just some of the great things that will happen for your country:We are going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare more affordable; bring back our manufacturing jobs; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, harvested from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.It is time to break with the bitter failures of the past, and to embrace a new, inclusive and prosperous American future.Once more, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.Thank you, and God Bless!
I am going to fight so hard for all of you, and I am going to bring back the jobs that have been stripped away from you and your country.In 39 days, we are going to win the state of Michigan and we are going to win the White House.It is going to be a victory for YOU, the American people.We are going to take on the special interests, the lobbyists, and the powerful politicians that have stolen your jobs, your wealth, and your middle class.We are going to take on the arrogant, corrupt corporate media that have enabled the global theft of American prosperity  a theft that has left behind crumbling schools, roads, bridges and a depleted military.It is time to rebuild Detroit. It is time to rebuild Michigan. It is time to rebuild the United States of America.Hillary Clinton has made a living raking in donations from special interests that have ripped the jobs right out of Michigan. These are the people whose policies raided the jobs from Detroit. That's how she gets rich  by taking your jobs and your money away from you.That's why Hillary Clinton, if she ever got the chance, would 100% approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The deal she called the "Gold Standard." The TPP will economically devastate Michigan, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and so many other states across this country.Hillary Clinton's donors want the TPP  and their wish is her command.These special interests pay her for speeches. They pay her Foundation. They pay her husband. In return, they GET YOUR JOBS. Like I've been saying all week, when it comes to Hillary Clinton, all you have to do is remember these words: FOLLOW THE MONEY.Hillary Clinton praised or pushed TPP on 45 separate occasions. Her close associate and confidant, Terry McAuliffe, said she'd pass it. Her husband has talked it up. Everyone knows she's for it, because she doesn't believe in protecting American Sovereignty.Hillary Clinton only believes in protecting one thing: her donors.Of the 262 companies that lobbied for the passage of TPP, 82 or nearly 1 in 3 donated between $21 and $67 million to the Clinton Foundation.9 companies that lobbied for the passage of TPP paid Hillary Clinton $2.7 million for paid speeches.Of the 12 signatory countries that are parties to TPP, 3 gave between $6 and $15 million to the Clinton Foundation.At least 4 lobbyists who are actively lobbying for TPP passage have raised more than $800,000 for her campaign.On November 8th, We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and we are going to do something that has been a long, long time coming: WE ARE GOING TO PUT AMERICA FIRST.Hillary Clinton is an insider fighting only for herself and for her donors.I am an outsider fighting for you.Hillary Clinton is the one who rigged the system.We are the ones who are going to change the system so it's fair and just for every American.We have a movement. The corrupt establishment is panicking because they know how hard it is to stop us. The news anchors and the donors and the lobbyists who are used to getting their way are trying to do everything they can to help Hillary Clinton and to cling to their power and prestige.The arrogant political class doesn't believe in protecting jobs and wages for Americans.They don't believe in secure borders and strong walls.These Washington and Wall Street insiders don't believe in hiring more police, producing more American energy, or giving school choice to poor children trapped in failing schools.For decades, we've talked about the corruption, incompetence, and failures of our leaders. 2016 is our long-awaited chance to fix the problem  and to hold our politicians accountable. If you do this one simple thing, you can deliver justice for every single person who has been wronged by the system: show up and vote.When you cast that ballot, just picture a Wall Street boardroom filled with the special interests who have been bleeding this county dry, and imagine the look on their faces when you tell all of them: you're fired.In their place, will be a new government. We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln, and once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people.We are going to do it together. In 39 days, everything is going to change.Now, the media doesn't want to talk about Hillary Clinton and her corruption. So we are going to spell it out for them today.The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that ship your jobs overseas  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy  they are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.The special interests who want open borders are donating to Hillary Clinton.Follow the money.In her campaign for President, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.She and Bill were paid $150 million for speeches since Bill left the Oval Office.The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.Favors and access were granted to those who wrote checks.She put the office of Secretary of State up for sale  and if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.She deleted and bleached 33,000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing, several destroyed with a hammer. Her staffers taking the fifth amendment, and her ringleaders getting immunity deals. Foreign enemies with easy access to hack her server. Lies to Congress, under oath, about turning over her work-related emails.We are going to call them the FBI Immunity Five. So here's my question for Hillary Clinton: can you promise that not one of the five people who were granted criminal immunity will ever be allowed to serve in a Clinton Administration?And here is the demand I am making today to President Obama: will you pledge, here and now, not to issue a pardon to Hillary Clinton and her co-conspirators for their many crimes against our country and society itself?No one is above the law. Not even Hillary Clinton.Clinton and her cronies will say anything, do anything, lie about anything to keep their grip on power  to keep their control over this country.Remember the Clinton pardon of fugitive Marc Rich, in exchange for unknown and undisclosed amounts of money?The American people have had it with years, decades, of Clinton Corruption and scandals. They are tired of the lies, they are tired of the trivial politics, they are tired of being talked down to, looked down upon, and treated like second class citizens.This will be the year the American people say: Enough is enough.Hillary Clinton has been a disaster for so many communities, but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton  they are too smart, and they know they are being used. They also know that she'll do nothing for them once the election is over  she never does, and that will never change. Many of them will never forget her calling young African-American men "super-predators."To the African-American community, let me ask you this question: are you better off than you were eight years ago? If not, vote for Donald Trump. I will bring jobs, great education, and safe neighborhoods.If you keep voting for the same people, you will keep getting the same results.Look at what the Democrats have done to Detroit. Half of Detroit residents do not work. Nearly 40% of the city lives in poverty. It's the second most dangerous city in America, according to the FBI.This is the legacy of the policies embraced by Hillary Clinton.A Trump Administration will bring prosperity to all of our people.My economic agenda can be summed up with three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We are going to pass the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan.Every wasteful and unnecessary regulation will be eliminated.We will unleash the power of American energy.The catastrophe known as Obamacare will be repealed and replaced.And the disastrous trade deals, like NAFTA, that have caused so much pain in Michigan, will be renegotiated  and we will bring back your auto-manufacturing.Michigan has lost more than 1 in 3 of its manufacturing jobs since the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO  both deals pushed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.Before NAFTA went into effect, there were 280,000 auto workers in Michigan. Today, that number is only 160,000.Ford is moving its small car production to Mexico.It used to be that the cars were made in Flint and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Today, the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.Hillary Clinton also gave us the job-killing trade deal with South Korea, which has cost this country another 100,000 jobs.Hillary opposed the Korea deal when she was running for President in 2007. She campaigned right here in Michigan and said the Korea deal "will hurt the us auto industry, increase our trade deficit, cost us good middle-class jobs and make America less competitive." She pledged to reject the deal.But she lied to all of you, just like she lied about her emails.Once installed as Secretary of State, she supported it and called it a "cutting-edge deal." She rammed it through to adoption  she always does whatever the donors tell her to do, no matter how it impacts our families, schools and communities.The U.S. trade deficit with Korea in the top ten products that Michigan exports to Korea grew 54 percent as exports fell and imports rose. This is what Hillary Clinton did to your state.According to the Economic Policy Institute, Michigan ranks first for jobs lost as a share of workforce due to the trade deficit with TPP members, and the country lost 740,000 manufacturing jobs as a result of that deficit last year. Just imagine how many more automobile jobs will be lost if the TPP is actually approved, as Hillary Clinton is planning to do.Hillary Clinton is merely a vessel for the special interests trying to strip this country of its wealth, its jobs, and its status as a sovereign nation.She even supports the disastrous surrender of America's control of the internet, which is happening tomorrow. Hillary Clinton's website says she supports the decision to give away the internet to a "global community of stakeholders."Someone needs to inform Hillary Clinton it's not the job of our leaders to represent a "global community." It's the job of our leaders to represent American citizens. Losing control of the internet to other foreign entities is just one more way Obama-Clinton have sold out the citizens of this country.Hillary Clinton is a globalist who will never protect the freedom and jobs of the American people.I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.Have you ever wondered why it is that all the things that the American people want never seem to happen?The reason for this is simple. It's because the financial interests who control our politics and our media don't want these changes to happen.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years, and has never done anything for you and your family.Just look at how badly she messed up on the Iran deal. And, just today, we learned that on the same day as the hostages were released, the United States signed an agreement lifting sanctions on two Iranian banks involved in financing Iran's missile programs.Hillary Clinton is there for only one reason, to protect her donors and collect their money.Our campaign is taking on big business, big media and big donors  we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.Our campaign is about breaking-up the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors, the large corporations, and the media executives.They're all part of the same corrupt political establishment. And they nod along when Hillary Clinton slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable.I call you hardworking American Patriots and together we are going to save this country.Together, we can accomplish anything we want.But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th.You have 39 days until the election. You have 39 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.Do Not Let This Chance Slip Away.You have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this nation.The arrogance of Washington, D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.On November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is Back  Bigger and Better and Stronger than ever before.Here are just some of the great things that will happen for your country:We are going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare more affordable; bring our manufacturing jobs back to Michigan; end illegal immigration; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We will rebuild our roads, bridges, tunnels, highways, airports, schools and hospitals.American cars  made in Michigan  will travel the roads, American planes will soar in the skies, and American ships will patrol the seas.American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.American hands will rebuild this nation  and American energy, mined from American sources, will power this nation. American workers will be hired to do the job.We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.I will fight for every neglected part of this nation  and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.To the people of Michigan, I promise you this We will make America wealthy again.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we will make America great again.Thank you, and God Bless!
It is a privilege to be here this morning with so many distinguished members of our armed services.Before we get started with our Q & A, I'd like to address one of the most important aspects of America's national security, and that's Cyber Security.To truly make America safe, we must make cybersecurity a major priority for both the government and the private sector.Cyber theft is the fastest growing crime in the United States.As President, improving cyber security will be an immediate and top priority for my Administration.One of the very first things I will do is to order a thorough review of our cyber defenses and weaknesses, including all vital infrastructure.Cyber-attacks from foreign governments, especially China, Russia, and North Korea along with non-state terrorist actors and organized criminal groups, constitute one of our most critical national security concerns.Hillary Clinton's only experience in cyber security involves her criminal scheme to violate federal law, engineering a massive cover-up, and putting the entire nation in harm's way. The fact that a former Senator and Secretary of State claimed not to know what the letter "C" means is just one more example of why she's unfit to hold public office.The scope of our cyber security problem is enormous. Our government, our businesses, our trade secrets, and our citizens' most sensitive information are all facing constant cyber attacks.Just consider some of these recent hacks:JP Morgan Chase had 73 million emails stolen.E-Bay was invaded and gave up 150 million passwords.Target was attacked and gave up 40 million credit card numbers.Attacks like these are happening on a regular basis both in the United States and around the world, and the costs in our privacy, our security and on our financial sector are extraordinary.Identify theft, financial laundering, as well as ransom ware  involving the extortion of a hacked institution  are all becoming increasingly common.Incredibly, hackers were able to obtain at least 20 million identities of people who underwent FBI background investigations.The information hacked contains facts discovered by the FBI in doing background checks for people seeking positions with the Federal Government. It is a treasure trove which can be easily used for blackmail.The fact that this highly classified information was so poorly protected demonstrates that cyber security is just one more area where the Obama Administration has failed.We should not let this be like the history of the Mafia which was allowed to grow into a nation-wide organization which infiltrated and corrupted so many areas of society for such a long time.We can learn from this history that when the Department of Justice, the FBI, the DEA and state and local police and prosecutors were combined in Task Forces directed at the Mafia, they were able to have great success in prosecuting them, seizing their business interests and removing their infiltration from legitimate areas of society.As President, I will instruct the Department of Justice to create Joint Task Forces throughout the United States to work together with Federal, State, and local law enforcement authorities and international law enforcement to crush this still-developing area of crime.I will make certain that our military is the best in the world in both cyber offense and defense. I will also ask my Secretary of Defense and Joint Chiefs to present recommendations for strengthening and augmenting our Cyber Command.As a deterrent against attacks on our critical resources, the United States must possess the unquestioned capacity to launch crippling cyber counter-attacks. This is the warfare of the future, America's dominance in this arena must be unquestioned.Cyber security is not only a question of developing defensive technologies but offensive technologies as well.For non-state terror actors, the United States must develop the ability  no matter how difficult  to track down and incapacitate those responsible. We should turn cyber warfare into one of our greatest weapons against the terrorists.To enhance the defense of the other agencies of government, including our law enforcement agencies, we will put together a team of the best military, civilian and private sector cyber security experts to comprehensively review all of our cyber security systems and technology.The Cyber Review Team will proceed with the most sensitive systems first, but ultimately all systems will be analyzed and made as secure as modern technology permits.I will also require that follow-up reviews take place on a regular basis determined by the sensitive nature of the security involved.The review will include providing exact recommendations for the best combination of defensive technologies tailored to specific agencies.This will include the various methods of internal monitoring, attack and penetration, investigation of suspected hackers or rogue employees, and identity protection for government employees.The review team will also remain current on the constantly-evolving new methods of attack, and will attempt to anticipate them and develop defenses as often as possible before major breaches occur.This group of experts will set up protocols for each agency and government officials, requiring them to follow best practices.They will also establish a training program for all government employees to make certain they understand what defenses are available and utilize them, along with a continuing education program so everyone is aware of the newest methods of both attack and defense.Those who violate classification rules will be held responsible to the fullest extent of the law. I will appoint an Attorney General who will reform the Department of Justice like it was necessary after Watergate. My Attorney General will restore the integrity of the Department of Justice.Today is just the beginning of a long and overdue national discussion of how to protect ourselves from modern cyber-crime and evolving national security threats, and how to develop the cyber offense strategies necessary to gain a critical security edge in the 21st century.
This is such an amazing city. It's called "Home of the Heroes," because of your proud tradition of military service. Pueblo is home to Four Medal of Honor Recipients. As President Eisenhower said, there must be "something in the water out there in Pueblo" because "all you guys turn out to be heroes."Colorado is home to six military bases. We are going to eliminate the defense sequester and rebuild our military.Another great Colorado legacy is hunting and fishing. We are going to conserve your land for future generations, and we are going to save the 2nd amendment.One other issue of such great importance in Colorado is energy. Hillary Clinton wants to shut down the mines, and shut down shale, oil, and natural gas. We are going to end the war on American energy, and we are going to put the miners back to work.I have also made a center piece of my economic revitalization plan the largest middle class tax cut since Ronald Reagan and the largest regulatory reform in American history. That is because I know how overtaxed and overregulated the working people of this country are.A central issue I would like to address today is our broken tax code, an issue of concern to all Americans.Along with securing our borders, rebuilding our military, keeping us safe from terrorism, redoing our trade deals and bringing back jobs, fixing the tax code is one of the main reasons I'm running for President.I've been saying from the beginning of this campaign how ridiculous, complex and yes, unfair, our tax system is. This is not the fault of the IRS, but the political class that is owned outright by the special interests and lobbyists.It is these politicians who wrote the tax code, and who are constantly adding, revising, and changing, an already over-complicated set of laws  all at the behest of their favored donors and special interests.It's thousands of pages long, and almost no one understands it. The average American would need an army of accountants and lawyers to wade their way through it.Many so-called experts, due to the sheer size and complexity of the code, don't have a clue what these pages represent.The unfairness of the tax laws is unbelievable, it's something I've been talking about for a long time  despite being a beneficiary.I understand the tax laws better than almost anyone, which is why I am the one who can fix them  and that is what I commit to doing.As a businessman and real estate developer, I have legally used the tax laws to my benefit, and to the benefit of my company and my employees.I have often said on the campaign trail, that I have a fiduciary responsibility to pay no more tax than legally required  or, put another way, to pay as little tax as legally possible.As a major real estate developer in this country, and throughout the world, I face enormous taxes: city taxes, state taxes, sales and excise taxes, employee taxes, and federal taxes. It's my job to minimize the overall tax burden to the greatest extent possible  which allows me to reinvest in neighborhoods, workers, and build amazing properties which fuel tremendous growth in their communities  and always help our great providers of jobs, the small business.The news media is now obsessed with an alleged tax filing from the 1990's, at the end of one of the most brutal economic downturns in our country's history.The conditions facing real estate developers in the early nineties were almost as bad as the Great Depression of 1929 and far worse than the Great Recession of 2008.What had been a booming economy in the era of Ronald Reagan changed dramatically  and the business landscape changed with it: Bank failures, the collapse of the Savings & Loan industry, and the implosion of the retail market, and real estate in general.Many business people, including many of my competitors, were not able to survive. Companies, jobs, and opportunities were lost  and lives were destroyed, as tens of thousands of people were put out of work. Some of the biggest and strongest people and companies went bankrupt.Yet today, my company is bigger, stronger, with far greater assets, and more premium properties, than ever before.That did not happen by chance or luck  it happened by action, and talent.I was able to use the tax laws of this country, and my business acumen, to dig out of this real estate depression when few others did. In those most difficult times, when so many had their backs to the wall, I reached within myself and delivered for my company, my employees, my family and the communities where my properties existed.Those who spend their entire lives within the confines of government work, and who know virtually nothing of business, fail to understand the skill, dedication, and sheer grit it takes for a company to climb out of an economic depression of the scale we had in the early nineties. People like my opponent Hillary Clinton, whose only method of making money is by selling government favors and granting access to special interests, know nothing about how businesses succeed and grow. Hillary Clinton has never created a single job in her entire life  or added a single dollar of value to the American economy. Hillary Clinton hasn't made an honest dollar in her entire life  all she does is take from you, from our country, and peddles influence to donors, special interests, and foreign actors  for astronomical dollars and like never before. It's corruption of the highest order.While I made my money as a highly-successful private businessman following the law, Hillary Clinton made her money as a corrupt public official breaking the law and putting her government office up for sale.By her own account, Hillary Clinton left the White House dead broke, and now she and her husband have made more than $200 million dollars  without building a company, or creating a single thing of value. During the early nineties, as companies were collapsing left and right, the media and powers that be said Donald Trump could never make it back. They said I had billions of dollars in borrowing, and hundreds of millions in personal guarantees, and no pathway out.But, I never had any doubts and never gave up.That's because I knew in my heart that when the chips are down is when I perform at my very best. And when people make the mistake of underestimating me, that's when they are in for their biggest surprise.Just look at what happened in the primary. Just look at what our incredible movement is doing right now.The reason I never felt endangered during the real estate downturn, was that I knew myself, I knew my business, I knew the financial system, I knew the tax code and, most importantly, I knew how to fight. That's what I am  a fighter, and I am now going to fight for you.With my knowledge, I knew that I would make a comeback in business.That is why I am here today. That is why I have left private business for public life  because I understand our country is in very bad shape. And now our country is in need of a major comeback  it needs one now more than ever.We owe $20 trillion dollars in debt, but that's only part of the story  we have over $100 trillion dollars in unfunded liabilities, and we have a budget that's out of control with annual deficits. In addition, because of the incompetence of our leaders, we run massive trade deficits on an annual basis, now almost $800 billion a year.Our country is broke.We have decaying infrastructure, failing schools, rising crime, a depleted military, an open border, and an economy that can't create full-time high-paying jobs. We are a divided nation, and each week it seems we are getting more and more divided, with race riots in our streets on a monthly basis.This is not the America that was handed down to us, and it's not the America we want for our children. And it's certainly not the America we want to pass down to our grandchildren. But this is the America we will have if we don't turn things around  starting today.What I say is not lost on the American people, because 70% of you believe our country is headed in the wrong direction.We cannot have another 4 years of Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton will be worse.We can turn this all around  but not if we don't make a change in leadership RIGHT NOW. The failed political establishment must go  it must go for the sake of your country, your future, and those you love the most.In the early 90's, they splashed the front pages with stories about how I was finished. Everybody said that I was done  there were front page articles in the Wall Street Journal and New York Times. They were thrilled and delighted to write these negative stories.So they said I was finished. The only person who didn't think that I was in trouble was Donald Trump.I started my company with a small loan and, as I grew, I borrowed money to grow the company. When the bottom fell out of the Real Estate market, I had all the debt, it stayed the same  but the value of the assets plummeted. But I knew how to use the tax code to rebuild my company when others did not.My understanding of the tax code gave me a big advantage over those who didn't have a clue, including many of my competitors who lost everything they had, never to be heard from again.Now, they're gone, and I'm here and I'm ready to turn things around for this country.The early 90's was a very tough time for the world, but in tough times you need tough people.These are tough times for America today, and we need tough leaders. Not people who tell you what you want to hear, but people who tell you what you need to hear: we must never allow corrupt career politicians, like the Clintons, ever back into the White House again.These tough times were when I performed my very best. The economy and banks collapsing, the government was a mess  but I enjoyed waking up every day to go to battle. I enjoyed getting up every morning to take on the financial establishment on behalf of my company and win. That's the thinking we need for our country  that's the thinking we need when we are negotiating trade deals, and military deals, and economic deals on behalf of the American people.Put me into the boardroom as YOUR representative, and I will deliver for you. Hillary Clinton is in it only for herself and her donors. I am here fighting for America.Many people have said that I perform better under pressure than anyone they've ever seen  I've proven that over and over again.That's what I do. When the pressure is on, when the odds are stacked against me, when people say it can't be done  that's when I am just getting started.The thing that motivates me the most is when people tell me something is impossible. For me, impossible is just a starting point.From the depths of that terrible real estate depression, I created a company worth billions and billions of dollars and created tens of thousands of jobs. Our company, and our employees, remade skylines, revitalized neighborhoods, rejuvenated communities, and hired thousands of workers.On November 8th, America's comeback begins  and we are going to rise up from our present challenges bigger and better and stronger than ever before.The people here in Pueblo know what it takes to rebuild this country.This is a city with a rich immigrant history, and a rich Latino history, that has contributed so much to this country and this state. Though the people of Pueblo, and their families, have hailed from all regions of the world, you are united by this one thing: You are all Americans.And, as Americans, you are entitled to the same protections as every other American. Everyone lawfully living inside of our borders are entitled to the same things: safe communities, a great education, and access to high-paying jobs.This is the change I will deliver. Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years and delivered nothing but failure. Her policies have brought death and destruction overseas, and poverty at home. She's brought massive poverty for everyone, but especially African-American and Hispanic Citizens.She opposes school choice, and wants to trap poor African-American and Hispanic children in failing government schools. We are going to get poor minority children out of failing schools and into the public, private, charter or magnet school of their choice.Hillary Clinton supports Obamacare, and wants to expand it  Obamacare is an absolute disaster. Premiums in Colorado are set to go up another 20 percent  the only way to stop this disaster is to vote Trump.Hillary Clinton also supports the terrible trade deals, like Bill Clinton's NAFTA and China's entry into the World Trade Organization  and next she wants the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the deal she calls the "Gold Standard."Colorado has lost more than 1 in 7 manufacturing jobs since the NAFTA and China deals.But while you've lost out, Hillary Clinton has raked in cash from her contributors. She and Bill have made $150 million in speeches to special interests. They gave 39 speeches to Big Banks, including $2 million in speaking fees from Goldman Sachs. The Clintons received another $2 million from a Swiss Bank after Hillary negotiated a favorable settlement for them as Secretary of State.To hide her corruption, Hillary Clinton put her emails on an illegal secret server open to foreign hacking. Then she deleted and bleached 33,000 emails  after a congressional subpoena -- to hide them from the public. She lies to Congress, under oath, and her ringleaders took the fifth amendment and got immunity deals. It's worse than Watergate.The investigation of Hillary Clinton was rigged, and it's a shame, and it's one of the saddest things that have ever taken place in our nation.We have become a Banana Republic.Now, today, we learned, that the FBI made a side deal with Clinton's top aides to DESTROY their laptops.Let me repeat that: the FBI reportedly made a deal to DESTROY the laptops of government officials implicated in a massive criminal cover-up.Hillary Clinton is the ringleader of a criminal enterprise that has corrupted our government at the highest levels, and the American people have one chance to stop it  by showing up and voting on November 8th.People have had it with the years, the decades of Clinton Corruption.This is the year the American people say: Enough is Enough.The Clintons are the sordid past. We are the bright future.Now, another issue I want to address today is immigration. As I mentioned, Pueblo is filled with wonderful hardworking immigrants. It is these hardworking immigrants who stand to lose the most from our open borders immigration policy.Illegal immigration, and broken visa programs, take jobs directly from Hispanic workers living here lawfully today.Illegal immigration also brings with it massive crime, and massive drugs  including a terrible heroin problem right here in Colorado.We are going to build a border wall, and we are going to stop the drugs, gangs and the violence from pouring into Colorado.We are going to shut down the Sanctuary Cities that have led to the preventable deaths of so many.Cases like Kate Steinle, murdered in San Francisco by a 5-time deported illegal immigrant.Or cases like Sarah Root, killed by an illegal immigrant released at the border by President Obama  and then released again after the killing.There are over 2 million criminal aliens in this county, and we are going to get them out  and we are going to get them out quickly.To the cartels, the gangs, the drug dealers, I have a simple message for you: your days are numbered, and your reign of crime will soon come crashing to an end.We also have to keep our country safe from terrorism. The terrorists who planted the bombs in New York and Jersey, and who carried out the mall stabbing in Minnesota, were foreign nationals admitted into our country  as was the mall shooter in Washington.Or look at cases like the Boston Bombers, here on asylum, or the San Bernardino Shooter, here on a fianc visa from Saudi Arabia. Or the Orlando shooter, the son of a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan.Terrorists are infiltrating our country.Now, Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees and countless more refugees from across the Middle East.I want to keep you and your family safe.My job is not to represent foreign countries. My job is to represent the citizens of the United States of America  putting your jobs, your wages, and your security first.If you are living in the United States today as a lawful resident or U.S. citizen, I will ensure you have a safe community, rising wages, and secure immigration system.Immigration Security is National Security.Here are some more things we will do starting in 2017 We are going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare more affordable; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We are going to rebuild America.We are going to revitalize America.And we are going to unite America.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.Together, we will make America wealthy again.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we will make America great again.Thank you, and God Bless!
Thank you. I am so thrilled to be back in Arizona.In 35 days, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.I am going to make America Rich again.I am going to end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, keep jobs from pouring out of our country, renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, and massively reduce taxes and regulations on our workers and our small businesses.My economic agenda is very simple: jobs, jobs, jobs.I want to send our best wishes to the great governor Mike Pence, as he prepares for his debate tonight. The debate will be a contrast between our campaign of big ideas and bold solutions for tomorrow, versus the small and petty Clinton campaign that is stuck in the past. We are change  she is four more years of Obama.Clinton can't talk about the real problems facing our country because she's the one who helped create all of our problems in the first place. To hide her corruption, she deleted 33,000 emails after a congressional subpoena.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years, and hasn't fixed anything. In fact, she's just made things worse  she failed upstate New York, promising to create 200,000 jobs, but manufacturing is down almost 40 percent. She failed overseas, unleashing death and destruction. And she failed Latinos and African-Americans, producing only more poverty in the inner cities.Now, after years of failure, she complains about how I've used the tax laws to my benefit. Then why didn't she ever try to change those laws so I could not have used them the way I did? She could have changed those laws when she was in the Senate. The reason that she did not is that her donors and contributors have used those tax laws the same as I did.I know all their names, and I know who they are, but it's not up to me to make them public figures.Two public Hillary supporters who are known are George Soros, who declared losses of $1.5 billion in just six months, and Warren Buffet who, in 2014, declared losses of $873 million.I know how the tax code works better than anyone, and I am going to fix it so it is fair, and just, and works for you and your family.I've made my money as a highly-successful private businessperson following the law. Hillary Clinton made her money as a corrupt public official violating the law and selling her government office.The problems we face as a country are immense, and it is going to take bold action to turn things around.Right now, we owe $20 trillion in debt. It doubled under President Obama.Our infrastructure is like that of a third-world country.The homicide rate last year experienced its largest single-year increase in 45 years.Our border is wide open, and drugs and criminal cartels our pouring into the country.Thousands of refugees are being admitted, with no way to screen them, and are instantly made eligible for welfare and free healthcare  even as our own Veterans die waiting for the medical care they need.Our annual trade deficit with the world is nearly $800 billion a year.The federal budget is a disaster. Our State Department, mostly under the watch of Hillary Clinton, misplaced or lost $6 billion in taxpayer funds.We have the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.We are nation divided, with race riots in the streets.Our college students graduate, loaded with debt, only to discover they can't find jobs  or certainly not the jobs they want.Overseas, our failed leaders have empowered Iran, unleashed ISIS, and turned Iraq, Libya and Syria into absolute chaos.Our allies aren't paying their fair share, foreign countries like Russia and China do not respect us, and our taxpaying citizens send troops and foreign aid all over the world even as their own cities can't provide the most basic services.America needs a turnaround.America needs a comeback.America needs a change.That is why I am running.First, we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.The architect of Obamacare, Jonathan Gruber, admitted that the whole sales pitch was a lie  he called it the "stupidity of the American voter." But the only stupidity was the stupidity of our leaders who passed this disaster into law over the objections of the American people.Do you remember all the lies? President Obama said if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.He promised his plan would reduce premiums by $2,500 dollars. Instead, they surged $5,000.Now, of all people, President Bill Clinton has come out and told the truth about Obamacare.He has absolutely trashed President Obama's signature legislation. Remember, Hillary Clinton called Obamacare "one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party of our country."Bill has a different view. Here is what bill said:He just said it's a "crazy system," where people end up with "premiums doubled and coverage cut in half." He said "it's the craziest thing in the world."Bill Clinton said:"people out there [are] busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, [and] wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in halfthe people getting killed in this deal are the small business people and the individuals who make just a bit too much money to get any of these subsidies." Clinton added that it "doesn't make any sense," and that "the insurance model doesn't work."I couldn't agree more. Which is why, on my first day in office, I am going to ask a Republican Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare.This is essential for Arizona. Because of Obamacare, most of the state will only have 1 carrier next year, and premiums are expected to go up by 49% next year.There is only 1 way to stop it: to vote for Trump. Early ballots are mailed out on October 12th, and you need to mail them back in as early as you possibly can.Next, we are going to unleash American energyI just met with energy producers in Colorado, and they are pleading with the government to let them create jobs and wealth in the United States.As part our plan to reach 4% growth and create at least 25 million new jobs, we are going to lift the restrictions on shale, oil, natural gas, clean coal, and all forms of job-producing American energy.Fixing our trade deals will be the foundation of our economic revivalChina, Japan, and Europe are printing huge sums of money  the devaluation of currencies is staggering as to what it represents for our country, our businesses, and our citizens.We're not on a level playing field, and our politicians don't understand what is going on.Our jobs are being lost in massive numbers, and we are not making things in America anymore. Too much is being made in other countries.When I am President, we will start making things in America again.Companies like Apple, will start making their computers and iPhones in our country.Our nation has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton's NAFTA  a deal supported by Hillary Clinton. Hillary's Korea deal also cost us another 100,000 jobs.Since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal  70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.That's 15 factories closing a day, on average.Never in history has a country surrendered so much of its wealth to foreign countries.As the factories leave, our money leaves with them. Stores close, schools suffer, the tax base erodes, wages fall and the quality of life declines.We've rebuilt other countries at the expense of our own.Companies like Carrier, General Electric, Motorola, Mattel, Fiat Chrysler, and so many others are moving their jobs to Mexico, and to other countries.And now, Ford has announced it's moving all of its small car production to Mexico also.We are going to renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will withdraw from NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal for our workers.We are also going to stand up to foreign currency manipulation, and apply tariffs to countries that cheat.Jobs will leave from other countries and come into the United States.Factories will come rushing in, our schools and communities will be revitalized, and our poorest citizens will get new jobs and higher pay and new hope.But to be a rich nation, we must also be a secure nation.Security begins at the border.A nation that doesn't control is borders is not a nation.A country that doesn't protect its people isn't a country.A government that doesn't put its own citizens first is a government unworthy and unfit to lead.Here are some heartbreaking examples of how our government has failed our citizens.Countless Americans who have died in recent years would be alive today if not for the open border policies of this Administration. This includes incredible Americans like 21-year-old Sarah Root. The man who killed her arrived at the border, entered federal custody, and then was released into a U.S. community under the policies of this White House. He was released again after the crime, and is now at large.Sarah had graduated from college with a 4.0, top of her class, the day before.Also among the victims of the Obama-Clinton open borders policies was Grant Ronnebeck, a 21 year-old convenience store clerk in Mesa, Arizona. He was murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member previously convicted of burglary who had also been released from Federal Custody.Another victim is Kate Steinle, gunned down in the Sanctuary City of San Francisco by an illegal immigrant deported five previous times.Then there is the case of 90 year-old Earl Olander, who was brutally beaten and left to bleed to death in his home. The perpetrators were illegal immigrants with criminal records who did not meet the Obama Administration's priorities for removal.In California, a 64-yeard old Air Force Veteran, Marilyn Pharis, was sexually assaulted and beaten to death with a hammer. Her killer had been arrested on multiple occasions, but was never deported.Also in California, my good friend, Jamiel Shaw, lost his amazing son at the age of 17  he was viciously shot and killed by an illegal immigrant with three gun charges, as well as battery of a police officer  but despite these previous crimes, he had not been deported.A 2011 report from the Government Accountability Office found that illegal immigrants and other non-citizens in our prisons and jails together had around 25,000 homicide arrests to their names.There are more than 2 million criminal aliens in the county right now  when I am President, we are getting them out, and quickly.On top of that, illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year. For the money we are going to spend on illegal immigration over the next ten years, we could provide one million at-risk students with a school voucher.At the same time, our country is being infiltrated by terrorists. Just yesterday, an immigrant from Bangladesh was charged in another ISIS plot. Hundreds of immigrants from high-risk regions have been implicated in terrorism inside the United States since 9/11.The terrorists who planted the bombs in New York and Jersey, and who carried out the mall stabbing in Minnesota, were foreign nationals admitted into our country  as was the mall shooter in Washington.Or look at cases like the Boston Bombers, here on asylum, or the San Bernardino Shooter, here on a fianc visa from Saudi Arabia. Or the Orlando shooter, the son of a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan.I am going to keep the terrorists out of our country.Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.Hillary is for open borders.I am not running to be President of the world. I am running to be President of the United States. I am for America First.For the first time in American history, we have the endorsement of our ICE officers and our Border Patrol officers.We also have the endorsement of Sheriff Joe.We are going to build a border wall, enforce our laws, and keep our people safe. The chaos, the violence and the crime will come to an end  beginning in January of 2017.We are going to end the government corruptionHillary Clinton put her emails on an illegal secret server open to foreign hacking. Then she bleached and destroyed 33,000 emails  after a congressional subpoena. She lied to Congress, under oath, and her staffers took the fifth amendment and got immunity deals. It's worse than Watergate.The investigation of Hillary Clinton was rigged, and it's a shame, and it's one of the saddest things that have ever taken place in our nation.We have become a Banana Republic.Yesterday, we learned that the FBI made a side deal with Clinton's top aides to DESTROY their laptops.Hillary Clinton is the ringleader of a criminal enterprise that has corrupted our government at the highest levels, and the American people have one chance to stop it  by sending in your ballots.We are also going to fix our inner cities45% of African-American children under the age of six live in poverty.58% of African-American youth don't have jobs.More than 3,000 have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.The Democrats, like Hillary Clinton, have run the inner cities for 50 years, six years, seventy years or more. They've produced only more joblessness, failing schools, and rising crime. They've horribly failed and abused our African-American and Latino communities.To those African-Americans and Latinos suffering in our country I say: What do you have to lose? Vote For Donald Trump. I will fix it.To everyone in the country I say: what do you have to lose?We will have safe communities for EVERYONE.School choice for your children.Great trade deals that bring jobs into our country, not out of our country.Everyone will be included in the American Dream.Here are the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest job-creating tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; end common core; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare affordable; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.We are going to rebuild America.We are going to revitalize America.And we are going to unite America.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. We're going to make history. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together.You're going to look back at this event, and you're going to look back at November 8th, or the day you put in your early ballot, and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time.You are going to be proud of your country again, and you are going to be proud of your President again.A vote for me is a vote for change, and a vote for me is really a vote for you. You are voting to believe in yourselves. A vote for commonsense government, solutions to problems. It's a vote for jobs, jobs, jobs.It's a vote for a government of, by and for the people.All together, we are going to Make America wealthy again.We are going to make America strong again.We are going to make America safe again.And we are going to make America great again.
Thank you. I am so thrilled to be here in RenoWith your help, in 34 days, we are going to win this state, we are going to win the White House, and we are going to bring back our jobs.We are going to make America rich again.I am going to end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, keep jobs from pouring out of our country, renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, and massively reduce taxes and regulations on our workers and our small businesses.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years, and hasn't fixed anything. In fact, she's just made things worse  it's been 30 years of failure.The problems we face as a country are immense, and it is going to take bold action to turn things around.Right now, we owe $20 trillion in debt. It doubled under President Obama.Our infrastructure is like that of a third-world country.The homicide rate last year experienced the biggest single-year increase in 45 years.Heroin overdoses are surging, and meth overdoses in Nevada are up 22 percent.Thousands of refugees are being admitted, with no way to screen them, and are instantly made eligible for welfare and free healthcare  even as our own Veterans die waiting for the medical care they need.Our annual trade deficit with the world is nearly $800 billion a year.The federal budget is a disaster. Our State Department, mostly under the watch of Hillary Clinton, misplaced or lost $6 billion in taxpayer funds.We have the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.On top of it all, our taxpaying citizens send troops and foreign aid all over the world even as their own cities can't provide the most basic services.America needs a turnaround.America needs a comeback.America needs a change.And that change is coming on November 8th. We are going to show the whole world that America is back  bigger, and better, and stronger than ever before.First, we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.President Bill Clinton has come out and told the truth about Obamacare.Two days ago, Bill Clinton torched President Obama's signature legislation. Remember, Hillary Clinton called Obamacare "one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party, and of our country."Bill has a different view. Here is what bill said:He just said it's a "crazy system," and that "it's the craziest thing in the world."Bill said:"people out there [are] busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, [and] wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in halfthe people getting killed in this deal are the small business people and the individuals who make just a bit too much money to get any of these subsidies." Clinton added that it "doesn't make any sense," and that "the insurance model doesn't work."There is only one way to stop Obamacare: to vote for Trump. The deadline to register to vote by mail is October 8th. The deadline to register to vote online or in-person is October 18th. And early voting begins on the 22nd.With your votes, you will also be voting to protect the 2ndamendment rights of every law-abiding gun-owner in Nevada. Hillary wants to effectively abolish the 2ndamendment, by overturning D.C. vs. Heller and declaring that guns are not a private right. We are also going to conserve your land and natural resources for hunters, anglers, and all who enjoy the outdoors.Fixing our trade deals will be the foundation of our economic revivalMy economic agenda can be summed up with three very simple words: jobs, jobs, jobs.But to bring back our jobs, we must fix our trade deals  and stand up to countries that cheat.China, Japan, and Europe are printing huge sums of money  the devaluation of currencies is staggering as to what it represents for our country, our businesses, and our citizens.We're not on a level playing field, and our politicians don't understand what is going on.Our jobs are being lost in massive numbers, and we are not making things in America anymore. Too much is being made in other countries.When I am President, we will start making things in America again.Our nation has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton's NAFTA  a deal supported by Hillary Clinton. Hillary's Korea deal also cost us another 100,000 jobs.Since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal  70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.That's 15 factories closing a day, on average.The jobs are leaving Nevada, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Hampshire, Michigan, Illinois, Virginia, and all across this country. I'm going to stop the jobs from leaving our country  and I'm going to bring millions of new jobs back into our country.It's going to be a new day in America.For too long, we've rebuilt other countries at the expense of our own.Skyscrapers go up in Beijing, while plants and factories crumble in the United States.Companies like Carrier, General Electric, Motorola, Mattel, Fiat Chrysler, and so many others are moving their jobs to Mexico, and to other countries.And now, Ford has announced it's moving all of its small car production to Mexico also.We are going to renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will withdraw from NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal for our workers.We will also lower taxes on American business, from 35% to 15%, and we will have the largest regulatory reform in American history.Thousands of new companies, millions of new jobs, and trillions of dollars in new wealth will come pouring into the United States.But to be a rich nation, we must also be a secure nation.Security begins at the border.Hillary Clinton is unfit to be President because she supports open borders.In fact, as Secretary of State, she allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be freed into our country because their own countries wouldn't take them back -- it was her job to cancel visas to countries that refused to take back their criminals.But she didn't do it.The ICE officers, who endorsed me  their first endorsement of a candidate ever  issued a lengthy statement on Hillary Clinton's immigration plans.Let me read from it.Again, this all a quote from the ICE officers: "Hillary Clinton has promised the most radical immigration proposal in U.S. history.""Her radical plan would result in the loss of thousands of innocent American lives, mass victimization and death for many attempting to immigrate to the United States, the total gutting of interior enforcement, the handcuffing of ICE officers, and an uncontrollable flood of illegal immigrants across U.S. borders."Their quote continues."She proposes to keep and expand executive amnesty, to expand catch- and-release, to expand President Obama's non-enforcement priorities to the point where there is virtually no real immigration enforcement or policing of visa overstays, to support Sanctuary Cities, to extend Obamacare to illegal immigrants, to grant amnesty within 100 days, to extend Social Security and Medicare to illegal immigrants through amnesty, plus a 550% increase in the admission of Syrian refugees."The ICE officers conclude by saying: "Her plan is total amnesty plus open borders."That whole quote is from the nation's Immigration and Customs Enforcement Officers. In short, Hillary's immigration stance is disqualifying.The first duty of the President of the United States is to protect the citizens of the United States  anyone who fails to understand that is unworthy to lead this nation.There are more than 2 million criminal aliens with convictions in the country right now, and many more criminal illegal immigrants who have committed severe offenses but escaped the law entirely  when I am President, we are getting them out, and we are getting them out quickly.At the same time, our country is being infiltrated by terrorists.Hundreds of immigrants from high-risk regions have been implicated in terrorism inside the United States since 9/11.The terrorists who planted the bombs in New York and New Jersey, and who carried out the mall stabbing in Minnesota, were foreign nationals admitted into our country  as was the mall shooter in Washington State.The Boston Bombers were here on asylum. The San Bernardino Shooter was here on a fianc visa from Saudi Arabia. The Orlando shooter was the son of a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan.Yet, Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.I am not running to be President of the world. I am running to be President of the United States. I am for America First.We are going to build a border wall, enforce our laws, and keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We are also going to end the government corruptionHillary Clinton put her emails on an illegal secret server open to foreign hacking. Then she bleached and destroyed 33,000 emails  after a congressional subpoena. She lied to Congress, under oath, and her staffers took the Fifth Amendment and got immunity deals.It's worse than Watergate.Hillary Clinton put her public office up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.Now we have learned that the FBI made a side deal with Clinton's top aides to DESTROY their laptops.Hillary Clinton is the ringleader of a criminal enterprise and the only way to deliver justice is to show up and vote.We are also going to fix our inner cities, and help Latino Americans45% of African-American children under the age of 6 live in poverty.58% of African-American youth don't have jobs.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.The Democrats, like Hillary Clinton, have run the inner cities for 50 years, sixty years, seventy years or more. They've produced only more joblessness, failing schools, and rising crime.To those African-Americans suffering in our country I say: What do you have to lose? Vote For Donald Trump. I will fix it.I will be your greatest champion, and I will deliver real change and justice in your communities.I am also going to fight to help millions of Latinos trapped in poverty, and fight to provide school choice to every low-income African-American and Latino child in this nation.Here are some more amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; lift restrictions on all sources of American energy, and put the miners and steelworkers back to work; end Common Core; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; save the 2ndamendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.This Election Day, you have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country.On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.The failed and corrupt political establishment will be replaced with a new government of, by and for the people.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation  and I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together.You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time.A vote for me is a vote for change, and a vote for me is really a vote for you. You are voting to believe in yourselves. You are voting to believe in your future. You are voting to believe in your country.All together, we are going to Make America wealthy again.We are going to make America strong again.We are going to make America safe again.And we are going to make America great again.
Thank you. It is great to be here in the city of Henderson, in the beautiful state of Nevada  a state where I have so many great friends and employees.In 34 days, we are going to win this state, we are going to win the White House.How many of you watched the Vice Presidential Debate last night?Mike did such an incredible job. I would argue that Mike had the single most decisive victory in the history of Vice Presidential debates.Last night America also got a firsthand look at my judgement and the judgement of my opponent. Our first Presidential decision was the selection of our running mates, and all of America saw that I made the right choice.While Mike laid out big and bold solutions for America, his opponent talked only of small and petty distractions.Hillary Clinton has been there for 30 years, and hasn't fixed anything. In fact, she's just made things worse  she failed upstate New York, promising to create 200,000 jobs, but manufacturing is down almost 40 percent. She failed overseas, producing only death and destruction  she unleashed ISIS, destabilized Iraq, Syria and Libya, and put Iran on the path to nuclear weapons.At home, Hillary Clinton failed Latinos and African-Americans, producing only more poverty in the inner cities.She is merely the vessel for the global special interests bleeding this country dry.I am running to represent Americans  and we are going to make America Rich again.I am going to end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, keep jobs from pouring out of our country, renegotiate our disastrous trade deals, and massively reduce taxes and regulations on our workers and our small businesses.My economic agenda is very simple: jobs, jobs, jobs.The problems we face as a country are immense, and it is going to take bold action to turn things around.Right now, we owe $20 trillion in debt. It doubled under President Obama.Our infrastructure is like that of a third-world country.The homicide rate last year experienced the biggest single-year increase in 45 years.Our police are under-funded, under-staffed, and under-supported  and Hillary Clinton basically accuses our police of all being racist.Our border is wide open, and drugs and criminal cartels are pouring into the country.Thousands of refugees are being admitted, with no way to screen them, and are instantly made eligible for welfare and free healthcare  even as our own Veterans die waiting for the medical care they need.Our annual trade deficit with the world is nearly $800 billion a year.The federal budget is a disaster. Our State Department, mostly under the watch of Hillary Clinton, misplaced or lost $6 billion in taxpayer funds.We have the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.We are a nation divided, with race riots in the streets.Our college students graduate, loaded with debt, only to discover they can't find jobs  or certainly not the jobs they want.Our allies aren't paying their fair share, foreign countries like Russia and China do not respect us, and our taxpaying citizens send troops and foreign aid all over the world even as their own cities can't provide the most basic services.America needs a turnaround.America needs a comeback.America needs a change.That is why I am running.On November 8th, we are going to show the whole world that America is back  bigger, and better, and stronger than ever before.First, we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare.President Obama said if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.That was a lie.He promised his plan would reduce premiums by $2,500 dollars. Instead, they surged $5,000.Another lie.Now, of all people, President Bill Clinton has come out and told the truth about Obamacare.Two days ago, Bill Clinton torched President Obama's signature legislation. Remember, Hillary Clinton called Obamacare "one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party, and of our country."Bill has a different view. Here is what bill said:He just said it's a "crazy system," and that "it's the craziest thing in the world."Bill said:"people out there [are] busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, [and] wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in halfthe people getting killed in this deal are the small business people and the individuals who make just a bit too much money to get any of these subsidies." Clinton added that it "doesn't make any sense," and that "the insurance model doesn't work."On my first day in office, I am going to ask a Republican Congress to send me a bill to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare.There is only one way to stop Obamacare: to vote for Trump. The deadline to register to vote by mail is October 8th. The deadline to register to vote online or in-person is October 18th. And early voting begins on the 22nd.Fixing our trade deals will be the foundation of our economic revivalChina, Japan, and Europe are printing huge sums of money  the devaluation of currencies is staggering as to what it represents for our country, our businesses, and our citizens.We're not on a level playing field, and our politicians don't understand what is going on.Our jobs are being lost in massive numbers, and we are not making things in America anymore. Too much is being made in other countries.When I am President, we will start making things in America again.Our nation has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton's NAFTA  a deal supported by Hillary Clinton. Hillary's Korea deal also cost us another 100,000 jobs.Since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal  70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.That's 15 factories closing a day, on average.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.As the factories leave, our money leaves with them. Stores close, schools suffer, the tax base erodes, wages fall and the quality of life declines.Real cash wages for many workers today are lower than they were in 1973.We've rebuilt other countries at the expense of our own. Skyscrapers go up in Beijing, while plants and factories crumble in the United States.Companies like Carrier, General Electric, Motorola, Mattel, Fiat Chrysler, and so many others are moving their jobs to Mexico, and to other countries.And now, Ford has announced it's moving all of its small car production to Mexico also.We are going to renegotiate NAFTA and if we don't get the deal we want, we will withdraw from NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal for our workers.We are also going to stand up to foreign currency manipulation, and apply tariffs to countries that cheat.We will also stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the deal Hillary called the "Gold Standard." The backers of the deal have donated heavily to Hillary Clinton, and their wish is her command.She is an insider fighting only for herself and for her donors.I am an outsider fighting for YOU.We will stop the foreign cheating, the product dumping, and the one-sided trade deals. We will lower taxes on American business, from 35% to 15%, and many small businesses will file as individuals any pay only 12 percent. On top of that, we will have the largest regulatory reform in American history.Our tax, trade, energy and regulatory reforms will help us reach 4% growth and create at least 25 million new jobs in a decade.America will become the great jobs magnet of the world.Factories will come rushing in, our schools and communities will be revitalized, and our poorest citizens will get new jobs and higher pay and new hope.But to be a rich nation, we must also be a secure nation.Security begins at the border.Any government that does not protect its own people is a government unworthy and unfit to lead.Countless Americans who have died in recent years would be alive today if not for the open border policies of this President Obama and Hillary Clinton.This includes incredible Americans like 21-year-old Sarah Root. The man who killed her arrived at the border, entered federal custody, and then was released into a U.S. community under the immigration policies of Obama-Clinton. He was released again after the crime, and is now at large.Sarah had graduated from college with a 4.0, top of her class, the day before.Also among the victims of the Obama-Clinton open borders policies was Grant Ronnebeck, a 21 year-old convenience store clerk in Mesa, Arizona. He was murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member previously convicted of burglary who had also been released from Federal Custody.Another victim is Kate Steinle, gunned down in the Sanctuary City of San Francisco by an illegal immigrant deported five previous times.Then there is the case of 90 year-old Earl Olander, who was brutally beaten and left to bleed to death in his home. The perpetrators were illegal immigrants with criminal records who did not meet the Obama Administration's priorities for removal.In California, a 64-years old Air Force Veteran, Marilyn Pharis, was sexually assaulted and beaten to death with a hammer. Her killer had been arrested on multiple occasions, but was never deported.Also in California, my good friend, Jamiel Shaw, lost his amazing son at the age of 17  he was viciously shot and killed by an illegal immigrant. The killer had 3 gun charges, as well as battery of a police officer, prior to the shooting but he had not been deported from our country.There are more than 2 million criminal aliens with criminal convictions in the country right now, and more who have escaped the law entirely  when I am President, we are getting them out, and we are getting them out quickly.All Americans living lawfully in this country, including millions of patriotic hardworking immigrants, are entitled to have their jobs, their wages, and their security protected. The borders around our nation are for the benefit of all people living here today  and when those borders are erased, it's often the lawful immigrants already here who are the first to suffer lost jobs and decreased security.At the same time, our country is being infiltrated by terrorists. Just two days ago, an immigrant from Bangladesh was charged in another ISIS plot. Hundreds of immigrants from high-risk regions have been implicated in terrorism inside the United States since 9/11.The terrorists who planted the bombs in New York and Jersey, and who carried out the mall stabbing in Minnesota, were foreign nationals admitted into our country  as was the mall shooter in Washington State. Now, the media doesn't want to talk about this  they don't want to ask how our vetting procedures failed, or how immigration from high-risk parts of the world increased the chances of terrorism and violence.The Boston Bombers were here on asylum. The San Bernardino Shooter was here on a fianc visa from Saudi Arabia. The Orlando shooter was the son of a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan.I am going to keep the terrorists out of our country.Hillary Clinton wants a 550% increase in Syrian Refugees.Hillary is for open borders.I am not running to be President of the world. I am running to be President of the United States. I am for America First.For the first time in American history, we have the endorsement of our ICE officers and our Border Patrol officers.We are going to build a border wall, enforce our laws, and keep our people safe. I have a simple message for the cartels, the gang members, and the drug dealers preying on our citizens  your days are numbered, and your reign of crime will soon come crashing to an end.We are also going to end the government corruptionHillary Clinton put her emails on an illegal secret server open to foreign hacking. Then she bleached and destroyed 33,000 emails  after a congressional subpoena. She lied to Congress, under oath, and her staffers took the Fifth Amendment and got immunity deals.Now we have learned that the FBI made a side deal with Clinton's top aides to DESTROY their laptops.Hillary Clinton is the ringleader of a criminal enterprise and the only way to deliver justice is to mail in your ballots.We are also going to fix our inner cities, and help Latino Americans45% of African-American children under the age of 6 live in poverty.58% of African-American youth don't have jobs.More than 3,000 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.The Democrats, like Hillary Clinton, have run the inner cities for 50 years, sixty years, seventy years or more. They've produced only more joblessness, failing schools, and rising crime.To those African-Americans suffering in our country I say: What do you have to lose? Vote For Donald Trump. I will fix it.I am also going to fight to help millions of Latinos trapped in poverty, and to help their children grow up in safety and peace.Poor communities will see a massive infusion of new small businesses, and new high-paying jobs. I am also going to fight to provide school choice to every low-income African-American and Latino child in this nation.I want to put every American child on the ladder of success: a great education, and a high-paying job.Here are some more amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; end common core; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare affordable; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.This Election Day, you have one magnificent chance to deliver justice for every forgotten man, woman and child in this country.On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.The failed and corrupt political establishment will be replaced with a new government of, by and for the people.I am going to fight for every last citizen in this land, and I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together.You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time.A vote for me is a vote for change, and a vote for me is really a vote for you. You are voting to believe in yourselves. You are voting to believe in your country.All together, we are going to Make America wealthy again.We are going to make America strong again.We are going to make America safe again.And we are going to make America great again.
The Hillary Clinton documents released by WikiLeaks make more clear than ever just how much is at stake in this election. This election will determine whether we remain a free country, or we become a corrupt Banana Republic controlled by large donors and foreign governments.The election of Hillary Clinton would lead to the destruction of our country.Today we learned the Department of Justice fed information to the Clinton campaign about the e-mail investigation, so that the campaign could be prepared to cover up her crimes. This is collusion and corruption of the highest order, and is one more reason why I will ask my Attorney General to appoint a special prosecutor. We have to investigate the investigation.Hillary bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after a congressional subpoena  and then destroyed her phones with a hammer  all to cover-up her crimes. People have gone to jail for doing far less. She also lost as much as $6 billion taxpayer dollars.These Wikileaks emails confirm what those of us here today have known all along: Hillary Clinton is the vessel for a corrupt global establishment that is raiding our country and surrendering our sovereignty. This criminal government cartel doesn't recognize borders, but believes in global governance, unlimited immigration, and rule by corporations....Even Chelsea Clinton, the WikiLeaks emails show, expressed "serious concerns" about conflicts of interests at the Clinton Foundation and State Department.During a recent trip to Florida, I had a chance to spend some time with the incredible residents of Little Haiti. The Haitian community has contributed so much to this country. I also learned from them, firsthand, how much they despise the Clintons for what they did to the people of Haiti.New emails revealed today by ABC News show that during the deadly earthquake in Haiti, which killed over 150,000 people, the Clintons couldn't stop cashing in. As people were dying in Haiti, Clinton insiders were separating out requests from "Friends of Bill" or "William Jefferson Clinton VIPs" so that their business interests or contracts would receive special treatment.People who were labeled "Not Friends of Bill" were placed on the sidelines.In their biggest project, the Clintons used $400 million in aid and U.S. taxpayer funds to build what amounted to a sweatshop. And guess who set it up? Cheryl Mills, Hillary's Chief of Staff who helped destroy her emails, and then got an immunity deal from the FBI that included the destruction of her computer.The company that benefitted from Mills' actions then invested in a company owned by Cheryl Mills.Today, as Haiti's death toll from Hurricane Matthew is on the rise, we should never forget how Bill and Hillary Clinton handled Haiti last time.To all of our friends in Haiti, your day of justice is coming, and it arrives on November 8th.Not only have the Clintons ripped off Haiti, but the new emails show members of the Clinton team attacking Catholics. This is deeply offensive. It's just the latest evidence of the hatred that the Clinton Campaign has for everyday Americans. We've all read the reports and heard the stories about how disrespectfully she treats law enforcement, secret service, and others in uniform. She even smeared all of America's police officers as essentially racist.I'm proud of the fact that I have always treated the working people of this country with dignity and respect, especially our military and law enforcement personnel.The WikiLeaks emails show that Hillary's staff even has to give her secret notes on when she needs to smile.The emails also show, yet again, that the DNC rigged the Democratic election to give it to Hillary Clinton. The DNC Vice Chair was caught feeding information about Bernie Sanders' plans to the Clinton Campaign.To all the Bernie voters out there: don't vote for a Wall Street sellout like Hillary Clinton. A vote for Hillary is a vote for more reckless foreign invasions, more Wall Street cheating, more terrible trade deals, and  as confirmed by Wikileaks  she also wants to cut Medicare and Social Security....Wikileaks also shows something I have been warning about for a very long time. The media is simply an extension of the Clinton Campaign. It's just one more way the system is rigged.Reporters who work for these outlets  like the Washington Post, or the New York Times  may think of themselves as journalists, but they are actually just cogs in a corporate political machine.The emails show the New York Times, Boston Globe, Univision and Jon Harwood of CNBC all doing favors for the Clintons, and smother the Clintons with praise. The NYT even gave Clinton veto power of her quotes in their stories. It's called corruption.The emails also show that the Hillary was given the CNN townhall questions before her big debate against Bernie Sanders. Dona Brazile, the DNC Vice Chair, emailed: "from time to time I get the questions in advance."The media can't report on the establishment because the media is the establishment. And they're all teamed up against you, the American people....On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.We are going to replace our corrupt global establishment that has failed us on borders, on trade, on foreign policy, on the economy, and so much more. We are going to replace the failed leadership in Washington who have betrayed you, squandered our wealth, and sold our country.I am asking all Americans  Republicans, Independents and Democrats  to join us in our campaign to give our government back to the American people.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation  and I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time.A vote for me is a vote for change, and a vote for me is really a vote for you. Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.We will make America wealthy again.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we are going to make America great again.
Thank you, it is so great to be here in Florida.In 26 days, we are going to win the state, and we are going to win the White House.Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you, the American People.There is nothing the political establishment will not do, and no lie they will not tell, to hold on to their prestige and power at your expense.The Washington establishment, and the financial and media corporations that fund it, exists for only one reason: to protect and enrich itself.The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election. As an example, just one single trade deal they'd like to pass, involves trillions of dollars controlled by many countries, corporations and lobbyists.For those who control the levers of power in Washington, and for the global special interests they partner with, our campaign represents an existential threat.This is not simply another 4-year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control over our government.The political establishment that is trying everything to stop us, is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals, massive illegal immigration, and economic and foreign policies that have bled this country dry. The political establishment has brought about the destruction of our factories and our jobs, as they flee to Mexico, China and other countries throughout the world. Our just-announced jobs numbers are anemic, and our gross domestic product, or GDP, is barely above one percent. Workers in the United States, were making less than they were almost 20 years ago  and yet they are working harder.It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities.Just look at what this corrupt establishment has done to our cities like Detroit and Flint, Michigan  and rural towns in Pennsylvania, Ohio, North Carolina and across our country. They have stripped these towns bare, and raided the wealth for themselves and taken away their jobs.The Clinton Machine is at the center of this power structure. We've seen this firsthand in the WikiLeaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.And, likewise, the emails show that the Clinton Machine is so closely and irrevocably tied to media organizations that she is given the questions and answers in advance of her debates. Clinton is also given approval and veto power over quotes written about her in the New York Times. And the emails show the reporters collaborate and conspire directly with the Clinton Campaign on helping her win the election.With their control over our government at stake, with trillions of dollars on the line, the Clinton Machine is determined to achieve the destruction of our campaign, which has now become a movement the likes of which our country has never seen before  and we won't let them do that.The most powerful weapon deployed by the Clintons is the corporate media. Let's be clear on one thing: the corporate media in our country is no longer involved in journalism. They are a political special interest, no different than any lobbyist or other financial entity with an agenda. And their agenda is to elect the Clintons at any cost, at any price, no matter how many lives they destroy.For them, it is a war  and for them, nothing is out of bounds.This is a struggle for the survival of our nation. This election will determine whether we are a free nation, or whether we have only the illusion of Democracy but are in fact controlled by a small handful of global special interests rigging the system.This is not just conspiracy but reality, and you and I know it.The establishment and their media enablers wield control over this nation through means that are well known. Anyone who challenges their control is deemed a sexist, a racist, a xenophobe and morally deformed. They will attack you, they will slander you, they will seek to destroy your career and reputation. And they will lie, lie and lie even more.The Clintons are criminals. This is well-documented, and the establishment that protects them has engaged in a massive cover-up of widespread criminal activity at the State Department and Clinton Foundation in order to keep the Clintons in power. Never in history have we seen such a cover-up as this, one that includes the destruction of 33,000 emails, 13 phones, laptops, missing boxes of evidence, and on and on.People who are capable of such crimes against our nation are capable of anything.And so now we address the slander and libels that was just last night thrown at me by the Clinton Machine, the New York Times, and other media outlets, as part of a concerted, coordinated and vicious attack.It is not coincidence that these attacks come at the exact same moment, and all together at the same time, as the WikiLeaks documents expose the massive international corruption of the Clinton Machine  including 2,000 more emails this morningThese claims about me of inappropriate conduct with women are totally and absolutely false  and the Clinton Machine knows it is. It's all fabricated. It's pure fiction and outright lies. These events never happened. The claims are preposterous, ludicrous and defy truth, common sense and logic.We already have substantial evidence to dispute these lies, and it will be made public in the appropriate way and at the appropriate time. These lies come from outlets whose past stories, and past claims, have already been discredited. The media outlets did not even attempt to confirm the most basic facts, because even a simple investigation would have shown these are false smears.What's happening to me is no different than what happened to other innocent people, like the story written in Rolling Stone Magazine  and that magazine should be put out of business.Six months ago, the New York Times wrote a massive story attacking me, and the central witness they used said the story was false, that she was quoted inaccurately. She said I was a great guy, and never made those remarks.We demanded a retraction, but they refused to print it  just like they refused to print the comments from another source who praised me in her book, or the words of another wonderful woman who said nice things.That story was a fraud and an embarrassment to the New York Times. It will be part of the lawsuit we are preparing against them. Now today, the same two discredited writers, who should have been fired from the times, tell a totally fabricated and false story that supposedly took place on an airplane more than 30 years ago  another ridiculous tale, no witnesses, no nothing.Also, a writer from people magazine who wrote a story on Melania and myself on our first anniversary. The story was lovely but last night we hear, after 12 years, a new claim that I made inappropriate advances. I ask a very simple question, why wasn't it part of the story that appeared 12 years ago? I was one of the biggest stars on television, and it would have been one of the biggest stories of the year. Take a look at her words. It would have been the headline. No, it only appears 26 days before the election.This invented account has already been debunked by eyewitness testimony  the very witness identified by the author has said the story is entirely false.This weekend, the New York Times published a full-page hit piece with another claim from an individual who has been totally discredited based on the emails and letters she has sent to our office over the years. But the New York Times refused to use the evidence we presented them. Others have likewise were presented with this story, but after seeing the evidence we provided, refused to print it.This is part of a concerted effort, led by the New York Times, which is fighting desperately for its relevance and survival, and which probably won't even be around in a few years based on its financial outlook, has become more and more vicious and vile.I will not allow the Clinton Machine to turn this campaign into a discussion of their slanders and lies, but will remain focused on the issues facing the American people.But let me state this as clearly as I can. These attacks are orchestrated by the Clintons and their media allies. They are false and slanderous in every respect. We are now less than a month from the most important election of our lifetime  indeed one the most important elections in modern history  and the polls show us in a dead heat. And the new Rasmussen poll shows us 2 points ahead.So now, the Clinton Machine, has put forward a small handful of people out of the tens of thousands I have met, worked with and employed  in order to make wild and false allegations that fail to meet even the most basic test of common sense. Again, this is nothing more than an attempt to destroy our movement and for the Clintons to keep their corrupt control over this government.When I declared my candidacy, I knew what bad shape our country was in. I had seen firsthand the corruption and the sickness that has taken over our politics. I knew they would throw every lie they could at me, and my family, and my loved ones.I knew they would stop at nothing to try to stop me.But I take all of these slings and arrows for you. I take them for our movement, so that we can have our country back.Our great civilization, here in America and across the civilized world, has come upon a moment of reckoning.We've seen it in the United Kingdom, where they voted to liberate themselves from global government and global trade deals and global immigration deals that have destroyed their sovereignty.But the central base of world political power is here in America, and it is our corrupt political establishment that is the greatest power behind the efforts at radical globalization and the disenfranchisement of working people.Their financial resources are unlimited. Their political resources are unlimited. Their media resources are unlimited. And, most importantly, the depths of their immorality is unlimited.Our political establishment has no soul.I knew these false attacks would come. I knew this day would arrive. And I knew the American people would rise above it and vote for the future they deserve.The only thing that can stop the Corrupt Clinton Machine is you. The only force strong enough to save this country is you. The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you, the American People.They control the Department of Justice, and they even clandestinely meet with the Attorney General of the United States  in the back of her airplane, while on the runway  for 39 minutes  to most likely discuss her reappointment in a Clinton Administration just prior to the Attorney General making a decision over whether or not to prosecute Hillary Clinton.Likewise, they have corrupted the Director of the FBI to the point at which stories are already saying the great men and women who work for the FBI are embarrassed and ashamed to what he's done to one of our great institutions. Hillary Clinton is guilty of all of the things that Director Comey stated at his press conference and Congressional hearings, and far more  and yet he let her off the hook, while others lives are being destroyed for far less.This is a conspiracy against you, the American people.This is our moment of reckoning as a society and as a civilization.I didn't need to do this. I built a great company, and I had a wonderful life. I could have enjoyed the benefits of years of successful business for myself and my family, instead of going through this absolute horror show of lies, deceptions and malicious attacks. I'm doing it because this country has given me so much, and I feel strongly it was my turn to give back.Some people warned me this campaign would be a journey to hell. But they are wrong, it will be a journey to heaven because we will help so many people.In my former life, I was an insider as much as anybody else  and I know what's like to be an insider. Now I am being punished for leaving their special club and revealing to you their great scam. Because I used to be part of the club, I'm the only one who can fix it. I'm doing this for the people, and this movement is just right  and we will take back this country for you and Make America Great Again.The corrupt establishment knows that we are an existential threat to their criminal enterprise. They know, that if we win, their power is gone and returned to you. The clouds hanging over our government can be lifted, and replaced with a bright future  but it all depends on whether we let the New York Times decide our future, or whether we let the American people decide our future.If this Clinton Campaign of Destruction is allowed to work, then no other highly successful person  which is what our country needs  will ever again run for this office.I will not lie to you. These false attacks hurt. To be lied about, to be slandered, to be smeared so publicly and before your family, is painful.What the Clinton Machine is doing to me, and my family, is egregious beyond words. It is reprehensible beyond description.But I also know, it's not about me  it's about all of you. It's about all of us, together, as a country.It's about the Veterans who need medical care, the mothers who've lost children to terrorism and crime, it's about the inner cities and the border towns who desperately need our help, it's about the millions of jobless Americans. This election is about the people being crushed by Obamacare, and it's about defeating ISIS and appointing Supreme Court Justices who will defend our Constitution.This election is also about the African-American and Hispanic communities whose communities have been plunged into crime, poverty and failing schools by the policies of Hillary Clinton. They've robbed these citizens of their future, and I will give them their hope, jobs and opportunities back. I will deliver.This election is about every man, woman and child in our country who deserves to live in safety, prosperity and peace.We will rise above the lies, the smears, and the ludicrous slanders from ludicrous reporters.We will vote for the country we want.We will vote for the future we want.We will vote for the politics we want.We will vote to put this corrupt government cartel out of business. We will remove from our politics the special interests who have betrayed our workers, our borders, our freedoms, and our sovereign rights as a nation. We will end the politics of profit, we will end the rule of special interests, we will put a stop to the raiding of our country  and the disenfranchisement of our people.Our Independence Day is at hand, and it arrives, finally, on November 8th. Join me in taking back our country, and creating a bright and glorious new dawn for our people.
Thank you.I am so happy to be back here in Columbus. Make sure you request your absentee ballot to vote by mail. And remind your friends and family to do the same.We are now 26 days away from the most important election of our lifetimes.And we've only begun to fight.If we win, we will create a booming and thriving economy for young Americans. We will create safe communities, lower taxes, leaner government, affordable childcare and healthcare, and a government that is honest and decent and fair.We are the campaign of change.We will deliver jobs, opportunity and justice for future generations.I've wanted this race to be about the issues. But the Clinton Campaign has refused to discuss the issues. They only place they want to go is the gutter.So they have slandered and libeled me with false accusations  but we will not let these lies distract us from our campaign.In an earlier speech today, I addressed the fact that I was falsely accused. It is disgraceful that you can have front page articles in the New York Times inventing false claims, without any evidence, any witnesses, anything at all.I want to talk about the policies affecting our lives, and your future.Right now, our government has been taken hostage by global special interests that will stop at nothing to drain every last ounce of wealth from this country for their personal benefit.The greatest weapon wielded by the Clinton Machine is the media. The WikiLeaks emails show that the Clinton Machine and the Corporate Media are one in the same  they collaborate and conspire together.This Washington establishment will stop at nothing to stop all of us.These are the people who have given us decades of endless wars producing only death and bloodshed, but no victory.These are the same people who have flung our doors open to Radical Islam, putting us on the same path to France of multigenerational struggles with violence and extremism embedded in our communities.These are the people who've allowed violent international cartels to invade our country and prey on our most vulnerable citizens. Victims like Marilyn Pharis, raped by an illegal immigrant with a lengthy criminal record and beaten to death with a hammer.These are the people who've let drugs pour into our country and poising our children.These are the people who emptied the jobs out of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan and North Carolina and shipped them to other countries.The political powers trying to stop us are the people who've stripped the jobs form our inner cities, trapped millions of African-Americans and Hispanic-Americans in impoverished, crime-besieged neighborhoods, and left 70 million American women and child in poverty or near the brink of poverty.At the center of this assault on American prosperity is the Clinton Machine. They don't work for you, they don't work for America, the work only for themselves and their donors  including foreign government and foreign actors.Hillary Clinton is a criminal who destroyed 33,000 emails after a Congressional Subpoena.She ignored hundreds of requests for security in Benghazi, causing the deaths of four brave Americans  and then she lied to the faces of the grieving parents about the reason for the attack.She defended a man who violently and viciously raped a 12 year-old girl by horribly smearing and blaming the victim  and the she laughed about getting the rapist off the hook.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank, Hillary pledged her support for "open borders." That means tens of millions of new foreign workers to compete against you for your jobs, your wages, your futures  she's selling out the future of young American, of all backgrounds, to enrich her donors.We won't let it happen.Hillary and her special interest allies want to keep children in our inner cities trapped in failing schools.Under a Trump Administration, disadvantaged children will be able to attend the public, private, charter or magnet school of their choice.Under President Obama and Hillary Clinton, the national debt has almost doubled.$20 trillion-dollar national debt is a weight around the future of every young person in this country. It would require $120,000 from every millennial in the country to pay off.The new debt added under Obama and Clinton would have been enough to pay off all the outstanding student loans in the United States 6 times over.Yet, not one penny of that new debt has gone to lowering your tuition.The share of 16-to-28-year-olds not in the labor force has increased to 45 percent during the Obama administration.In a Trump Administration, we will work every day to make America great again for millennials.First, we will Lower the Cost of College and Solve the Student Loan Crisis.Tuition at public four-year institutions was 40% higher in the last school year than it was ten years ago.In all, Americans owe $1.3 trillion on their student loans--more than auto loans, credit card debt, or home equity loans nationwide.Students should not be asked to pay more on their loans than they can afford, and the debt should not be an albatross around their necks for the rest of their lives.That is why under my student loan program, we would cap repayment to an affordable portion of a borrower's income--12.5%. And if borrowers work hard and make their full payments for 15 years, we will let them get on with their lives.That's the nature of the deal we give many public employees today.Every American deserves the same deal, so we will equalize treatment so everyone can start saving for their families and retirement by the time they are 15 years out of college.In addition, I will take steps to push colleges to cut the skyrocketing cost of tuition. If the federal government is going to subsidize student loans, it has a right to expect that colleges work hard to control costs and invest their resources in their students.If colleges refuse to take this responsibility seriously, they will be held accountable--including by reconsidering whether those with huge endowments deserve to keep those endowments tax-exempt.Some schools are paying more to hedge funds and private equity managers than they are spending on tuition assistance--while taxpayers are guaranteeing hundreds of billions of dollars of student loans to pay for rising tuition.We want universities to spend their endowments on their students, not themselves. They need to use that money to cut the college debt and college tuition.Much of the skyrocketing cost of college education is due to the tremendous bloat in college administrators and bureaucrats. According to the Department of Education, the number of college administrators is up more than 60 percent since 1993--ten times the increase in tenured faculty positions.Federal regulations are responsible for much of this administrative bloat. Vanderbilt University estimated that it spends $150 million per year---11 percent of the university's budget--to comply with government regulations.As president, I will immediately take steps to drive down college costs by reducing the unnecessary costs of compliance with federal regulations so that colleges can pass on the savings to students in the form of lower tuition.I will also make it a priority to protect students' rights to free speech on campus. In the past few decades, political correctness has transformed our institutions of higher education from ones that fostered spirited debate, to a place of extreme censorship where students are silenced.We will end the political correctness, and foster free and respectful dialogue.We also have to recognize that traditional four-year degree programs are not the only path to a good job and a good career. We should support schools that allow people to learn skills and practice a trade so young people can have access to the education that's right for them. And we must hold all schools equally accountable for their performance.I will make sure that students have the information they need about all of their options before starting school, and for repaying their student loans upon leaving school.There is a lot of room for improvement in this regard. Currently, students navigate 16 complex repayment plans, 8 forgiveness programs, and 32 deferment and forbearance optionseach of these programs has their own nuances and qualifications. I will simplify this confusing maze into a single Income-Based Repayment Program, similar to those that have proved so popular in recent years.We also have to make sure that those who have graduated college and those who are soon to graduate can find a good job to start a good career when they do.Many mothers across this country are worried their kids won't find jobs, and they are right to be worried. One of the biggest threats is outsourcing  jobs for college-educated kids are being sent to other countries. At the same time, companies are importing low-wage workers on H-1B visas to take jobs from young college-trained Americans.We will protect these jobs for Americans.My economic plan  including tax, trade regulatory, and energy reforms  will create 25 million new jobs and allow the private sector to grow at 4 percent per year.This includes reforms to protect and expand the sharing economy--startups like Uber--that have managed to provide great services to consumers, and create lots of jobs in the process.Finally, and most importantly, the foundation for a new prosperity will be a rededication to the constitutional rule of law.A vote for me is a vote for change, and a vote for me is really a vote for you.Together, we are going to make America great again.
Thank you.In 24 days, we are going to win the state of Maine and we are going to win the White House.Make sure to get your absentee ballots.Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.My economic agenda can be summed up in three very beautiful words: jobs, jobs, jobs.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, lift the restrictions on American energy, end common core, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.We are also going to replace a failed political class that has betrayed our workers, spent trillions on endless foreign wars without victory, and destroyed our middle class.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your energy bills will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Maine under a Trump Administration.We are going to be a rich country again.We are also going to end government corruption.Hillary speaks in secret to Goldman Sachs  her private position  then lies to you, the public, with her public position. It's all a fraud.Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails  after a Congressional Subpoena  she lied to Congress under oath, she made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer, and now we learn 2 boxes of email evidence mysteriously went missing.Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted, and gone to jail for her crimes. The FBI and the Department of Justice created a fraud in allowing Hillary Clinton to get away with her terrible crimes  and I guarantee you, the Clintons are laughing at them. The Director's performance in Congress, coupled with Bill Clinton's clandestine meeting on the tarmac in the Attorney General's airplane just prior to decision-time on Hillary  supposedly talking about golf and grandchildren  is perhaps the lowest point in those department's history.Instead of being held accountable, Hillary is running for President in what looks like a rigged election. The election is being rigged by corrupt media, pushing false allegations and outright lies, in an effort to elect her President.But we are going to stop it. We are not going to back down. We are not going to let it happen.We have only just begun to fight.Americans have had it with the years, the decades, of Clinton Corruption. This will finally be the year the American people say: Enough is Enough.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders." Hillary and Bill raise millions of dollars from global interest groups who have no allegiance to this country or its workers.By "open trade," she means foreign countries can cheat us out of millions of jobs and trillions of dollars.By "open borders," she means totally unlimited immigration.Either we win the election, or we lose the country.Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism within our shores. She wants us to follow the path of France and Germany and import terrorism directly into the United States.So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.It was just reported that a man deported from our country 10 times in six years has been charged with raping a 12-year old girl. In August, Texas Police arrested a serial illegal immigrant rapist who had been deported five times, including one 68 year-old woman with a cane who took his offer to drive her home. He left her on the side of a dirt road.What kind of government allows its own people to suffer such horrors?As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries wouldn't take them back. Among those she allowed to go free was a criminal alien who had previously been convicted for shooting a girl in the head  after his release, he viciously murdered a young girl name Casey Chadwick.A wall will not only keep out criminals, but it will also keep out the drugs and heroin poisoning our youth.Drugs overdoses in Maine are on a record pace.I have outlined a plan to stop the opioid crisis. My plan begins with a strong border, includes the prosecution of drug dealers, and dramatically expands access to life-saving treatments that will help people unchain themselves from this terrible addiction.But, if we are going to bring hope back to suffering Americans, we must also solve our jobs crisis.At the center of our economic revival will be fixing our terrible trade deals.47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.This is the legacy of Obama-Clinton.When I am President, everything will change. We will move people from the welfare rolls to the employment rolls. We will end our chronic trade deficits. We will start growing again.We'll rebuild our roads, schools, bridges, tunnels, railways, hospitals and airports.The state of Maine has lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.Since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal  70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.That's 15 factories closing a day, on average.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.If I win, day one, we are going to announce our plans to renegotiate NAFTA. If we don't get the deal we want, we'll leave NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal.We are going to start making things in America again.As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We will lower taxes massively on all Americans  Hillary will raise your taxes massively. Our biggest reductions will be for the working and middle class  this includes letting parents deduct the cost of childcare.Reagan's tax cuts in the eighties, and Kennedy's tax cuts in the sixties, brought us tremendous growth. My economic reforms  on taxes, trade, regulation and American energy  will produce at least 25 million newjobs in a decade. It's the most pro-growth economic plan in American history.We are also going to protect the right of the people of Maine to use their own land.President Obama, with the support of politicians like Hillary Clinton, issued an executive order 2 months ago making over 87,000 acres in Maine into a new "National Monument." No consideration was made for local concerns, impacts to jobs, or the Maine forestry sector. No approval by Congress. Your state legislature opposed it. It is just another federal overreach that is going to do more harm than good. Obama and Clinton don't care that this area badly needs jobs and growth and that this decision -- done at the stroke of the pen without the support of the local community-- undermines the people that live and work here in Maine.But we are going to turn it all around. America's comeback begins on November 8th.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; defend religious liberty; reduce the cost of tuition; provide school choice to every low-income child in America; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; support the men and women of law enforcement; repeal and replace Obamacare; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 24 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom whose lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.I'm going to fight for every worker who deserves a raise, and for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors.I'm going to fight for every patriotic citizen that Hillary Clinton slanders as deplorable and irredeemable  and I am going to be a President for all of our citizens.I am going to fight to bring us together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.We will make America wealthy again.We will make America powerful again.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we will make America great again.
Thank you.In 24 days, we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.We are going to deliver real change that puts America First.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, lift the restrictions on American energy, end common core, reduce the cost of college, make childcare more affordable, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving our country under a Trump Administration.We are going to be a rich country again.We are also going to end government corruption. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the Presidency  and the media, donors and special interests who support her will do everything they can to cling to their power and prestige at your expense.The Hillary Clinton documents released by WikiLeaks make more clear than ever just how much is at stake in this election.The documents show the Clinton Campaign colluding with the State Department and Justice Department over the investigation into Hillary's illegal email server that put your family and your country in danger.They show how the Clintons ripped off the people of Haiti.They show the Clinton Campaign viciously attacking Catholics and Evangelicals.They also show how the media collaborates and conspires directly with the Clinton Campaign.To cover-up her crimes, Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails  after a Congressional Subpoena  she lied to Congress under oath, she made 13 phones disappear, some with a hammer, and now we learn 2 boxes of evidence mysteriously went missing.Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted, and gone to jail for her crimes. The FBI and the Department of Justice created a fraud in allowing Hillary Clinton to get away with her terrible crimes  and I guarantee you, the Clintons are laughing at them. The Director's performance in Congress, coupled with Bill Clinton's clandestine meeting on the tarmac in the Attorney General's airplane just prior to decision-time on Hillary  supposedly talking about golf and grandchildren  is perhaps the lowest point in those department's history.Instead of being held accountable, Hillary is running for President in what looks like a rigged election. The election is being rigged by corrupt media, pushing completely false allegations and outright lies, in an effort to elect her President.But we are going to stop it. We are not going to back down. We are not going to let it happen. We are just getting started.Americans have had it with the years, the decades, of Clinton Corruption. They get rich stealing your jobs and shipping them to other countries.This will finally be the year the American people say: Enough is Enough.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."By "open trade," she means foreign countries can cheat us out of millions of jobs and trillions of dollars.By "open borders," she means totally unlimited immigration.When she thought no one was listening, Hillary Clinton was plotting to destroy the sovereignty of the United States.Either we win the election, or we lose the country.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.A wall will not only keep out dangerous cartels and criminals, but it will also keep out the drugs and heroin poisoning our youth.When I won the New Hampshire primary, I promised the people of New Hampshire that I would stop drugs from pouring into your communities. I am now doubling-down on that promise, and can guarantee you  we will not only stop the drugs from pouring in, but we will help all of those people so seriously addicted get the assistance they need to unchain themselves.New Hampshire has one of the highest drug overdose death rates in the country.We have to solve this crisis.I have to give credit to my running mate, Mike Pence, on this issue.Mike increased the mandatory minimum sentences for the most serious drug offenders, while expanding access to treatment and prevention options for those struggling with addiction.We must make similar efforts a priority for the nation.Not too long ago we read about Christopher Honor and Courtney Griffin -- a young Rockingham County couple who died of an overdose within a year of each other. Their story of prescription drugs, heroin, wait times for treatment, and missed opportunity in the court system are a tragic reminder of why we need a plan to end the opioid epidemic.First, we will stop the flow of illegal drugs into the country.The number of heroin seizures on the border has tripled since 2008.I've received the first-ever endorsement of our Border Patrol and ICE officers, and under a Trump Administration, we will work with them to end the flow of drugs across our border for good.We are also going to put an end to Sanctuary Cities, which refuse to turn over illegal immigrant drug traffickers for deportation.We will dismantle the illegal immigrant cartels and violent gangs, and we will send them swiftly out of our country.We will aggressively prosecute traffickers of illegal drugs, and provide law enforcement and prosecutors with the resources and support they need to do their jobs.President Obama has commuted the sentences of record numbers of high level drug traffickers, many of them kingpins, and violent armed traffickers with extensive criminal histories. Hillary Clinton promises to continue and expand this approach, turning our streets back over to gangs, drug cartels, and armed career criminals.Over the last few years this administration has been steadily dismantling the federal criminal justice system. Tens of thousands of drug dealers have been released from prison early, including many illegal immigrants--regardless of their history of violence, or ties to transnational gangs and cartels.Second, we will close the shipping loopholes that China and others are exploiting to send dangerous drugs across our borders in the hands of our own postal service.These traffickers use loopholes in the Postal Service to mail fentanyl and other drugs to users and dealers in the U.S.A Trump administration will crack down on this abuse, and give law enforcement the tools they need to accomplish this mission.Third, we will fix the misguided rules and regulations that have made this problem worse.It is tragedy enough that so many Americans are struggling with life-threatening addiction. We should not compound that tragedy with government policies and bureaucratic rules that make it even harder for them to get help.The FDA has been far too slow to approve abuse-deterring drugs. And when the FDA has approved these medications, the rules have been far too restrictive, severely limiting the number of authorized prescribers as well as the number of patients each doctor can treat.Recovery medications have the potential to save thousands and thousands of lives. We prescribe opioids like Oxycontin freely, but when patients become addicted to those drugs, we stop doctors from giving patients the treatments they medically need.As president, I'd work to lift the cap on the number of patients that doctors can treat, provided they follow safe prescribing practices and proper treatment supervision.At the same time, DEA should reduce the amount of Schedule II opioids (drugs like oxycodone, methadone and fentanyl) that can be made and sold in the U.S. We have 5 percent of the world's population, but use 80 percent of the prescription opioids.Finally, we will give people struggling with addiction access to the help they need.Congress has already taken the first step by passing the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. This legislation is an important step.I would also expand incentives for states and local governments to use drug courts and mandated treatment. These can be a cost effective, appropriate, and humane response to addiction.I would dramatically expand access to treatment slots and end Medicaid policies that obstruct inpatient treatment.I would dramatically expand first responders' and caregivers' access to Narcan, an antidote that treats overdoses and saves thousands of lives.I would also restore accountability to our Veterans Administration. Too many of our brave veterans have been prescribed these dangerous and addictive drugs by a VA that should have been paying them better attention.Together, these steps will ensure that every American struggling with addiction has access to the care and the help that he or she needs.But, if we are going to bring hope back to our communities, we not only have to solve our drug crisis but our economic crisis.The wealth has been raided from our country, leaving behind dilapidated communities, rusted out factories, and shattered dreams.At the center of our economic revival will be fixing our terrible trade deals.47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.This is the legacy of Obama-Clinton.The state of New Hampshire has lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.Since China entered the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal  70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States.That's 15 factories closing a day, on average.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.Companies like Carrier, General Electric, Motorola, Mattel, FiatChrysler, and so many others are moving their jobs to Mexico.Right here in New Hampshire, I visited the Osram Sylvania plant that closed its doors in 2014 and shipped its jobs to China and Mexico.If I win, day one, we are going to announce our plans to renegotiate NAFTA. If we don't get the deal we want, we'll leave NAFTA and start over to get a much better deal.We are going to start making things in America again.As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We will have a 10% tax on money parked overseas, bringing trillions in wealth back into our country.Manufacturers will be able to expense the cost of new investment and equipment, to help make our country more competitive.We will lower taxes massively on all Americans  Hillary will raise your taxes massively.We will become the great jobs magnet of the world.Wages will rise, jobs will return, and factories will come rushing onto our shores.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; defend religious liberty; reduce the cost of tuition; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; repeal and replace Obamacare; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 24 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation  and I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. We're going to make history together. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote I've ever cast for anyone at any time.Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.We will make America wealthy again.We will make America strong again.We will make America safe again.And we are going to make America great again.
Thank you.In 22 days, we are going to win the state of Wisconsin and we are going to win the White House.Early voting is underway, so make sure to send in your absentee ballots.Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, lift the restrictions on American energy, end common core, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Wisconsin under a Trump Administration.We are also going to end government corruption.Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for President.Newly-released FBI documents made public today reveal just how deep the corruption goes. The under-Secretary of State, Patrick Kennedy, pressured the FBI to un-classify emails from Hillary's illegal server. In other words, the State Department was trying to cover-up Hillary's crime of sending classified information on a server our enemies could easily access by trying to reverse the classification.This is a criminal conspiracy  a conspiracy that included Hillary's deleting and bleaching of 33,000 emails, the disappearance of 13 phones, 2 boxes of email evidence gone missing, and the destruction of laptops in a secret deal with the FBI.Remember, also, that Hillary lied under oath to Congress saying she had never sent or received classified information on her insecure sever, and pretended not to know that the letter "C" meant confidential information that was classified. Hillary then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 times, and then, in written testimony last week under oath, said she couldn't remember another 21 times.We are witnessing a criminal enterprise that has turned our government into a vehicle for the Clinton's personal profit at your expense.But it gets even worse.The FBI documents show that Under-Secretary of State Patrick Kennedy made the request for altering classification as part of a "quid pro quo." This is felony corruption. Under-Secretary Kennedy needs to resign.Clinton cronies have sacrificed your security, your family's safety, and your country's safety as though it meant nothing at all.This is magnitudes worse than Watergate. And we're going to put an end to it on November 8th.But there's still more. Another series of emails shows top officials in the Clinton campaign scheming to take massive sums of money from foreign lobbyists. One of the emails from a top Hillary official said, quote, "take the money!!" with two exclamation points. This is money bundled by people registered as lobbyists on behalf of foreign governments.Remember, we are competing in a rigged election  the media is trying to rig the election by giving credence to false stories that have no validity and making it front page news, only to poison the minds of the American voters. The media is an extension of the Clinton Campaign, as WikiLeaks proved  Hillary even got the questions and answers in advance of a major debate.A new report from the Center for Public Integrity shows that 96% of so-called journalists and reporters who donated this cycle gave their money to Hillary Clinton. They even want to try and rig the election at the polling booths, where so many cities are corrupt and voter fraud is all too common.The following comes straight from Pew Research.QUOTE: "Approximately 24 millionone of every eightvoter registrations in the United States are no longer valid or are significantly inaccurate."QUOTE: "More than 1.8 million deceased individuals are listed as voters."QUOTE: "Approximately 2.75 million people have registrations in more than one state."Then there is the issue of illegal immigrants voting. The following comes from a 2014 report from the Washington Post. The article was entitled: "could non-citizens decide the November election?" Here are some excerpts.QUOTE: "More than 14 percent of non-citizens in both the 2008 and 2010 samples indicated that they were registered to vote."QUOTE: "Because non-citizens tended to favor Democrats (Obama won more than 80 percent of the votes of non-citizens in the 2008 sample), we find that this participation was large enough to plausibly account for Democratic victories in a few close elections. Non-citizen votes could have given Senate Democrats the pivotal 60th vote needed to overcome filibusters in order to pass health-care reform and other Obama administration priorities in the 111th Congress. It is also possible that non-citizen votes were responsible for Obama's 2008 victory in North Carolina. Obama won the state by 14,177 votes, so a turnout by 5.1 percent of North Carolina's adult non-citizens would have provided this victory margin."Our system is also rigged by the donors, giving hundreds of millions to Hillary Clinton's campaign.The reason Hillary Clinton pushes for NAFTA, or the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and for completely open borders, is because her international donors control her every move.If we let the Clinton Cartel run this government, history will record that 2017 was the year America lost its independence.We will not let that happen.It is time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.When Bill Clinton came into office, he signed an executive order saying if you work for the White House or a federal agency, you can't lobby the government for 5 years after you leave. But then, President Clinton did what the Clintons always do  he rigged the system on his way out. Clinton lifted the executive order so the Clintons and their cronies like John Podesta could start raking in cash.So, here is what I am announcing tonight. First: I am going to re-institute a 5-year ban on all executive branch officials lobbying the government for 5 years after they leave government service. I am going to ask Congress to pass this ban into law so that it cannot be lifted by executive order.Second: I am going to ask Congress to institute its own 5-year ban on lobbying by former members of Congress and their staffs.Third: I am going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all the loopholes that former government officials use by labeling themselves consultants and advisors when we all know they are lobbyists.Fourth: I am going to issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.And Fifth: I am going to ask Congress to pass a campaign finance reform that prevents registered foreign lobbyists from raising money in American elections.Not only will we end our government corruption, but we will end the economic stagnation.My plan for the economy can be summed up in three simple words: jobs, jobs, jobs.At the center of my plan will be fixing our terrible trade deals.47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.It's the Clintons who gave us NAFTA, and the Clintons who gave us China's entry into the World Trade Organization.Briggs & Stratton has cut thousands of Wisconsin manufacturing jobs and moved them to China.GE Healthcare recently closed its Milwaukee location and shipped the jobs to Mexico.Johnson Controls shuttered its plants in Milwaukee and West Allis and moved the jobs to Mexico and China.The list goes on and on.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.A Trump Administration is going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to China, and stop the jobs from leaving our country.As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We will be a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.National Security begins at the border.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."By "open trade," she means foreign countries can cheat us out of millions of jobs and trillions of dollars.By "open borders," she means totally unlimited immigration.In a secret speech to Goldman Sachs, she said citizens who want to control immigration are "Un-American."So Hillary thinks most of the country is either deplorable, irredeemable, un-American, racist, or basement dwellers supporting Bernie Sanders.Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores.So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries wouldn't take them back.The ICE officers described Hillary's proposal as, quote, the most radical immigration proposal in U.S. history." Here is a summary of the Hillary plan:--Support for Sanctuary Cities--Social Security, Medicare and lifetime welfare for illegal immigrants by making them all citizens--Obamacare for illegal immigrants--No deportation of visa overstays--Expanding catch-and-release on the border--Expanding President Obama's unconstitutional executive amnesty, including instant work permits for millions of illegal workers--Freeing even more criminal aliens by expanding Obama's non-enforcement directives--A 550% increase in Syrian refugeesEither we win this election, or we lose the country.Under a Trump Administration, it's going to be America First.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every low-income child in America; rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; support the men and women of law enforcement; repeal and replace Obamacare; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 22 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.On November 8th, the arrogance of Washington D.C. will come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom who lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and dreams have been ripped out and shipped to other countries.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors.And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.Once again, we are going to have a government of, by and for the people.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you.In 19 days, we are going to win the state of Ohio and we are going to win the White House.Early voting is underway, so make sure to mail in your ballot or vote in-person.Ladies and Gentlemen, I want to make a major announcement today. I would like to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters, and to all of the people of the United States, that I will totally accept the results of this great and historic Presidential election  if I win!ALTERNATE:Ladies and Gentlemen, I want to make a major announcement today. I would like to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters, and to all of the people of the United States, that when the results come in on election night, I will accept  without delay or hesitation  the concession speech of Hillary Rodham Clinton.Now, seriously, the debate last night was amazing and everybody said I won, including every single online poll, some by 90-10.The question of voter fraud came up during the debate. We want fairness in the election, having nothing to do with me and having to do with the future of the country.John Podesta, Hillary's Campaign Chairman, was quoted in WikiLeaks, as saying illegal immigrants could vote as long as they have Drivers' Licenses.One of the big issues that came up last night was the fact that the Clinton Campaign has paid people to disrupt our rallies and incite violence. This is criminal behavior that violates centuries of tradition on peaceful, Democratic elections.A campaign like Clinton's that will incite violence is truly a campaign that will do anything.And a candidate, like Hillary Clinton, who will lie to the Congress and the FBI, destroy 33,000 emails, put her office up for sale, and put our confidential information in reach of our enemies  is a candidate who is truly capable of anything.In addition, it was just learned, Hillary was given the exact debate questions, word for word, by Donna Brazile  who is now under tremendous pressure to resign. But I ask you, why shouldn't Hillary Clinton resign from the race  she was given the questions, used the questions, and never said that she did something that was totally inappropriate?Years ago there was a show called the $64,000 question  he got the questions in advance, his life was ruined. This is even bigger, because we are playing for the presidency of the United States.Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the Presidency.So it's in that context I was asked a question about whether I would agree, in advance, to concede the results on election night. This is an unprecedented question. If Al Gore or George Bush had agreed 3 weeks before the election to concede the results and waive their right to a legal challenge or a recount, then there would be no Supreme Court case and no Bush V. Gore.In effect, I'm being asked to waive centuries of legal precedent designed to protect the franchise of voters.According to Pew, there are 24 million voter registrations in the United States that are either invalid or significantly inaccurate.1.8 million dead people are registered to vote (some of whom vote even though they are dead  which is a hard thing to do, but easy if fraud is involved).2.8 million people are registered in more than one state.And 14% of non-citizens are registered to vote.So what I'm saying is, we have to be vigilant and we have to be careful.America is a Constitutional Republic with a system of laws. These laws are triggered in the case of fraud, or in the event a recount is needed.Of course I would accept a clear election result, but I would also reserve my right to contest or file a legal challenge in the case of a questionable result. I will follow and abide by all of the rules and traditions of all the candidates who came before me.But, none of this will matter, since we are going to win big on November 8th.Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, unleash job-producing American energy, rebuild our military and take care of our Vets, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Ohio under a Trump Administration.Right now, our economy isn't growing at all. I'm going to get us to 4% growth and create 25 million jobs over 10 years.Many workers are earning less today than they were 18 years ago, they are working harder and longer, but making less. Some of them are working two, three jobs but still taking home less money.Companies, like Carrier are firing their workers and moving to Mexico. Ford is moving all of its small car production to Mexico. When I'm President, if companies want to fire their workers and leave for Mexico, then we will charge them a 35% tax when they want to ship their products back in. That means the companies won't leave in the first place and, if they do, we'll at least make money when they ship their products across the border.Right now, our politicians don't do anything to keep our companies from leaving because they are controlled by lobbyists and special interests  Hillary Clinton has raised countless millions of dollars from big donors who want to ship our jobs to other countries.That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.It's time to drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, D.C.Those reforms include the following:A 5 year-ban on executive branch and congressional officials lobbying the government after they leave government service.A lifetime ban on former executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.A ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.Additionally, I am going to push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.It's about time.Not only will we end our government corruption, but we will end the economic stagnation.My plan for the economy can be summed up in three simple words: jobs, jobs, jobs.At the center of my historic jobs plan will be fixing our terrible trade deals.47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.We have nearly an $800 billion annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.Ohio has lost 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization  two Bill and Hillary-backed disasters.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.A Trump Administration is going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to foreign cheating, and stop the jobs from leaving our country.I also have another major announcement I am going to make today that concerns manufacturing in the United States, and how we are going to bring jobs back to Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, and all across this great nation.American trade policy is currently mismanaged by dozens of competing bureaucracies spread across the Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Labor, State and Treasury Department and the U.S. Trade Representative.In my administration, all trade policymaking will be consolidated in one Office. It will report to an American Desk and it will be located inside the Department of Commerce. The mission of the American Desk will be to protect the economic interests of the American worker, and the national interests of the United States.It's going to be America First.As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We are also going to rebuild our inner cities.African-Americans and Hispanics living in the inner cities are suffering. The violence is unbearable. You walk to the store with your child and you get shot. There is no education, there are no jobs, there is no safety.Nearly 3,500 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.And it's getting worse.To the African-American and Hispanic voters suffering, I say: what do you have to lose? Vote for Donald Trump. I will fix it.We will be a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.National Security begins at the border.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores.Just last week, an Iraqi refugee approved for entry by Hillary Clinton's State Department pled guilty to joining ISIS.So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.There is another major policy announcement I would like to make today. Every year, countless American lives are lost to Sanctuary Cities. My opponent strongly supports Sanctuary Cities, like the ones that got Kate Steinle killed by a five-time deported criminal illegal immigrant.If I am elected President, I am going to cut off federal funding to Sanctuary Cities that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities.We are going to save American lives.Either we win this election, or we lose the country.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every low-income child in America, and we are going to end common core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 19 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.Our campaign is powered by our love for this country and our love for our fellow citizens. It's a campaign about rejecting the cynicism and elitism of our failed political establishment.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty. I'm going to fight for every mom whose lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have been ripped out of states like Ohio and shipped to other countries.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors and special interests.And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day. This is a movement like you've never seen before. You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.Because if we win We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you.In 18 days, we are going to win the state of North Carolina and we are going to win the White House.Our opponents have spent more money than ever before in the history of campaigns -- raised from special interests -- and yet we are leading in the polls from Rasmussen, LA Times, and Investor's Business Daily.Early voting is underway, so make sure to send in your ballot.Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, unleash job-producing American energy, rebuild our military and take care of our Vets, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving North Carolina under a Trump Administration.We will be a strong nation again. American Leadership has grown so weak, that the Philippines have broken with decades of pro-American foreign policy to instead leave for the orbit of China and Russia.Strength will also require growth.Right now, our economy isn't growing at all. We had only around 1% growth in the last quarter. I'm going to get us to 4% growth and create 25 million jobs over 10 years.Many workers are earning less today than they were 18 years ago, they are working harder and longer, but making less. Some of them are working two, three jobs but still taking home less money.Companies, like Carrier are firing their workers and moving to Mexico.Ford is moving all of its small car production to Mexico.When I'm President, if companies want to fire their workers and leave for Mexico, then we will charge them a 35% tax when they want to ship their products back into the United States. That means the companies won't leave in the first place and, if they do, we'll at least make money when they ship their products across the border.Hillary Clinton has raised countless millions of dollars from big donors who want to ship our jobs to other countries  including millions of dollars from corporations and countries pushing the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That's how our system is corrupt and broken.We're going to take on big donors, big business and big media that have enriched themselves at your expense.The media is so corrupt that Hillary was given the exact questions to a previous debate, word for word, by Donna Brazile  who is now under tremendous pressure to resign.Hillary was given the questions, used the questions, and never said that she did something that was totally inappropriate.Years ago there was a show called the $64,000 question  a contestant got the questions in advance, his life was ruined.This is even bigger, because we are playing for the presidency of the United States.Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt person ever to seek the office of the Presidency.Now, from WikiLeaks, we've just learned she tried to get $12 million from the King of Morocco for an appearance  more pay-for-play.That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.It's time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.Those reforms include the following:A 5 year-ban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service.A lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.A complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.Additionally, I am going to push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.Not only will we end government corruption, but we will end economic stagnation.My plan for the economy can be summed up in three simple words: Jobs, Jobs, JobsAt the center of my historic jobs plan will be fixing our terrible trade deals.47 million Americans are in poverty and 45 million Americans are on Food Stamps.We have nearly an $800 billion dollar annual trade deficit in goods with the world, and the worst so-called recovery since the Great Depression.North Carolina has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.We've lost 70,000 factories since China's entry into the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.A Trump Administration is going to renegotiate NAFTA, stand up to foreign cheating, and stop the jobs from leaving our country.We are going to start making things in America again  and we are going to start making things in North Carolina again.In order to bring manufacturing back to North Carolina, Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and so many other places, we are going to undertake a major reform of our federal bureaucracy.American trade policy is currently mismanaged by dozens of competing bureaucracies spread across the Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Labor, State and Treasury Department and the U.S. Trade Representative.In my administration, all trade policymaking will be consolidated into one Office. It will report to what we call the American Desk. The mission of the American Desk will be to protect the economic interests of the American worker, and the national interests of the United States.It's going to be America First.As part of our plan to bring back our jobs, we are going to lower our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We are also going to rebuild our inner cities.African- Americans and Hispanics living in the inner cities are suffering.The violence is unbearable. You walk to the store with your child and you get shot.There is no education, there are no jobs, there is no safety.Nearly 3,500 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore. And it's getting worse.To the African-American and Hispanic voters suffering, I say: what do you have to lose?Vote for Donald Trump. I will fix it.We will be a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.National Security begins at the border.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores.So let me state this as clearly as I can.If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton allowed thousands of criminal aliens to be released because their home countries wouldn't take them back.It was just reported that a man deported from our country 10 times in six years has been charged with raping a 12-year old girl. In August, Texas Police arrested a serial illegal immigrant rapist who had been deported five times, his victims included one 68 year-old woman with a cane who took his offer to drive her home. He left her on the side of a dirt road.A 64 year-old Air Force Veteran, Marilyn Pharis, was raped and beaten to death with a hammer by a repeat-offending criminal illegal immigrant who should have been deported  but never was.What kind of government allows its citizens to suffer such horrors?Either we win this election, or we lose the country.A victory in November will be a victory for you, the American people.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every low-income child in America, and we are going to end Common Core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 18 days to make every dream you ever dreamed of for your country come true.Our campaign is powered by our love for this country and our love for our fellow citizens.It's a campaign about rejecting the cynicism and elitism of our failed political establishment.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty.I'm going to fight for every mom who lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have been ripped out of states like North Carolina and shipped to other countries.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors and special interests.And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life.You're going to remember this day.This is a movement like you've never seen before.You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the mostimportant vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.Because if we win We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you.In 18 days, we are going to win the state of Pennsylvania and we are going to win the White House.But you have to vote on November 8th.Our opponents have spent more money than ever before in the history of campaigns  raised from special interests  and yet we are leading in the polls from Rasmussen, LA Times, and Investor's Business Daily.Together, we are going to deliver real change that puts America First.We are going to renegotiate our terrible trade deals, end illegal immigration, stop the massive inflow of refugees, reduce surging crime, cut taxes and regulations, end Common Core, and repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.Your jobs will come back under a Trump Administration. Your incomes will go up under a Trump Administration. Your taxes will go way down under a Trump Administration. Your companies won't be leaving Pennsylvania under a Trump Administration.We are also going to rebuild our badly depleted military.Our Navy is the smallest it's been since World War I. My plan will build the 350 ship Navy we need. This will be the largest effort at rebuilding our military since Ronald Reagan, and it will require a truly national effort. The Philadelphia Navy Yard is a perfect example. I will instruct my Secretary of the Navy to study locations like Philadelphia with a long history of service to our military and proximity to vibrant private industry and find ways to involve them in this national effort.As our fleet is rebuilt, we'll need to invest in recruiting the skilled American craftsmen we need, like welders and pipe fitters and so much more.We will establish 'centers of excellence' in places like Philadelphia and Portsmouth New Hampshire and Hampton Roads in Virginia to produce the master craftsmen we need to rebuild our Fleet.We will rebuild our navy and we will do it with American steel made right here in Pennsylvania.As part of our plan for bold change to make your life better, we will also rebuild our massively depleted infrastructure.Obama-Clinton doubled the national debt in 8 years  but instead of rebuilding America, the money was all lost and America's infrastructure is like that of a third-world country.We're also spending $6 trillion dollars in the Middle East, with nothing to show for it.Imagine if we had spent this money rebuilding the inner cities of Philadelphia.Instead, we spent trillions on foreign countries and left our own to crumble. We defend other countries' borders, invest in their resources, but abandon our own. The plan I am proposing targets substantial new investment here at home to fix America's transportation, drinking water, and other vital infrastructure. This can be achieved through a focus on public-private partnerships, proven financing programs, and tax credits that incentivize companies to make major job-and-wealth producing investments in the local economy.This means help for projects like the Pennsylvania Turnpike as well as the Pennsylvania portion of the Appalachian Highway System. My plan will also help Pennsylvania upgrade or replace bridges in the Commonwealth that have been deemed "structurally deficient."We are also going to unleash the power of American energy right here in Pennsylvania  shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.We are putting Pennsylvania back to work, and we are putting the special interests out of work.We are going to renegotiate NAFTA, stop the TPP, and stand up to foreign product dumping and currency manipulation.Your city has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA  a deal supported by Hillary Clinton.70,000 factories have shut down or left the United States since China entered the World Trade Organization.Just a few miles from here, there's a very famous bridge that says: "Trenton Makes, The World Takes."Under a Trump Administration, I can promise you: we are going to start making things in America again  and we are going to start making things in Pennsylvania again.Your products will be sent around the world, not your jobs.Hillary is controlled by special interests who want to ship your jobs to other countries.She's the most corrupt person ever to run for President.She bleached and deleted 33,000 emails  after a Congressional subpoena  lied under oath to Congress, lied to the FBI, obstructed justice, made 13 phones disappear  some with a hammer  and now we learn 2 boxes of evidence have mysteriously gone missing.Now, from WikiLeaks, we've just learned she tried to get $12 million dollars from the King of Morocco for an appearance  more pay-for-play.That is why I am proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.It's time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.One new proposal I am outlining today will help us put the corrupt regulation industry out of business.I will work with Congress to require that for every 1 new regulation, 2 old regulations must be eliminated.We're losing $2 trillion dollars in economic activity a year to regulations  the only people getting rich are the lobbyists, lawyers and special interests.I am also going to push for a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.Not only will we end government corruption, but we will end economic stagnation.My plan lowers our business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent.We are also going to rebuild our inner cities.African-Americans and Hispanics living in the inner cities are suffering. The violence is unbearable. You walk to the store with your child and you get shot. There is no education, there are no jobs, there is no safety.Nearly 3,500 people have been shot in Chicago since the beginning of the year.Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington, D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore. And it's getting worse.To the African-American and Hispanic voters suffering, I say: what do you have to lose?Vote for Donald Trump. I will fix it.We will take care of our inner cities, and we will bring safety, prosperity and security to the people of Philadelphia.We will be a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.National security begins at the border.Speaking in secret to a foreign bank Hillary Clinton said her dream is for totally "open trade and open borders."Hillary's plan includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within our shores.She even wants a 550% increase in Syrian refugees.So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration. A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.It was just reported that a man deported from our country 10 times in six years has been charged with raping a 12-year old girl. In August, Texas Police arrested a serial illegal immigrant rapist who had been deported five times, one victim included a 68 year-old woman with a cane who took his offer to drive her home. He left her on the side of a dirt road.A 64 year-old Air Force Veteran, Marilyn Pharis, was raped and beaten to death with a hammer by a repeat-offending criminal illegal immigrant who should have been deported  but never was.If I'm elected, we will impose tough new mandatory minimum federal prison sentences for anyone who illegally re-enters the country after previously being deported. And we will swiftly remove and deport all criminal aliens from this country, and dismantle the gangs and cartels preying on our citizens.Either we win this election, or we lose the country.A victory in November will be a victory for you, the American people.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every low-income child in America, and we are going to end Common Core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.For the next 18 days, you have to get every last person you know out to the voting booths.This is our one magnificent chance to reclaim our country for We The People.I am going to fight for every citizen, of every background, from every stretch of this nation.I'm going to fight for every child living in poverty.I'm going to fight for every mom who lost her child to illegal immigration, and drugs and gang violence.I'm going to fight for every community whose jobs and factories have been ripped out of states like Pennsylvania and shipped to other countries.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors and special interests.And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag.You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. You're going to remember this day.This is a movement like you've never seen before.You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time.If we win, the change you've been waiting for will finally arrive.We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you.It's great to be back here in beautiful Naples.In 16 days, we are going to win the great state of Florida and we are going to win the White House.Early voting begins tomorrow, and you can already get your absentee ballot, so make sure to start voting.Yesterday, I outlined my Contract with the American Voter  a detailed list of solutions to bring prosperity to our economy, safety to our communities, and honesty to our government.One of the issues I addressed at length is the issue of government corruption. I put forward a plan to stop it; my opponent has no plan to end government corruption because she is the embodiment of government corruption. Even as she was preparing to run for President, WikiLeaks emails show, Hillary was trying to get $12 million from the King of Morocco in yet one more Pay-For-Play scheme.My goal is to keep foreign money out of American politics. Hillary Clinton's goal is to put the Oval Office up for sale to whatever country offers the highest price.So I have a message today to the voters of America. It's a message for Republicans, Democrats and Independents. It's a message for those living in rural America, urban America and suburban America  because we are all just One America.It's a message for everyone who wants to take back our government from the special interests.And my message is this: if we win on November 8th, we are going to fix our rigged system and we are going to Drain The Swamp Of Corruption In Washington, D.C.That change includes a new foreign policy that puts America First.Hillary Clinton's foreign policy has squandered trillions in American wealth overseas. Yet, for all the money spent, all Clinton delivered was death, destruction and terrorism. She unleashed ISIS and turmoil in Iraq, Syria and Libya.Next, trigger-happy Hillary wants to start a shooting war in Syria that could involve nuclear-armed Russia  she has bad judgment, bad instincts, and is just too reckless to be allowed into the Oval Office.Hillary also started the negotiations that led to the Iran deal  and thus ultimately leading to the $1.7 billion ransom for American hostages.Clinton gave Iran everything they wanted and more  including Iraq. Now, Iran is emboldened as never before.In the latest insult to America, the government of Iran is demanding "many billions," in new ransom payments for an American businessman and his ailing father. Adding to the insult, Iran has released a video of their captive that includes footage from earlier this year of American soldiers being forced to their knees at gunpoint.The humiliation for our country never seems to end  and it's the humiliation brought on by a Secretary of State who was more interested in getting paid by foreign countries, than in representing the country she lives in.To cover-up her crimes as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton bleached and deleted 33,000 emails, lied to Congress under oath, made 13 phones disappear  some with a hammer  and then told the FBI she couldn't remember 39 times.The best evidence that the system is rigged is that Hillary Clinton is even allowed to run for President in the first place.The Clintons grew their gross income by $60 million while Hillary was Secretary of State. She's not a diplomat  she's a grifter, always looking for an easy way to sell government favors and access in exchange for cash.The Clintons end up with the money, and America ends up with the humiliation.When I am President, America will be respected in the world once again.That also means standing up against the oppression of the Castro regime in Cuba, and standing in solidarity with freedom-loving people in Venezuela and across Latin America living under oppression. The Obama-Clinton Administration has abandoned our friends in Latin America, and delivered only poverty and joblessness for Hispanic-Americans here at home.If you elect me, along with a Republican House and Senate, we will also immediately repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. It's part of my 100-day plan.This will be a national effort that will involve everywhere from Key West to Tampa to the Space Coast to Jacksonville to the Panhandle.My proposal is based on three crucial words: Peace Through Strength.This defense build-up will be supported by ships in Mayport, and by engineers and advanced manufacturing on the Space Coast. New aircraft will fly from MacDill Air Force Base and Naval Air Station Pensacola.New Navy and Coast Guard ships will patrol the Florida coast to prevent drugs and terrorists from entering our shores.With a Republican House and Senate, we will also immediately repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. Even Bill Clinton admitted Obamacare is "the craziest thing in the world," where "people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half."Replacing Obamacare is part of my 100-day contract with the American Voter.A Republican House and Senate can swiftly enact the other items in my contract immediately, including massive tax reduction and tax simplification for the middle class. My plan to transform our tax, regulatory, energy and trade policies is the most pro-growth plan in American history. It includes lowering our business tax from 35 to 15 percent. My reform plan will lift millions out of poverty, raise wages dramatically, and create at least 25 million new jobs in 10 years  and we can enact the whole plan in our first 100 days.A Trump Administration will also work alongside you to restore and protect the beautiful Florida Everglades. Our plan will also help you upgrade water and wastewater systems so that the Florida Aquifer is pure and safe from pollution.We will also repair the Herbert Hoover Dike in Lake Okeechobee.My contract includes something else at the very center of this campaign: fixing our trade deals and ending the offshoring of American jobs.One more way our system is rigged against the American Worker is that companies, like Carrier, simply fire their workers and move their operations to Mexico and other countries. When I'm President, if companies want to fire their workers and leave for other countries, then we will charge them a 35% tax when they want to ship their products back into the United States.We have a nearly $800 billion-dollar annual trade deficit in goods with the world. 1 in 5 American households don't have a single person in that household with a job.Florida has lost 1 in 4 of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA, a deal signed by Bill Clinton and supported by Hillary Clinton.We've lost 70,000 factories since China's entry into the World Trade Organization  another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.A Trump Administration will stop the jobs from leaving our country.We will start making things in America.We will be a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.Immigration security is national security.Hillary's pledge for "open borders" includes an open border with the Middle East  meaning generations of radicalism and terrorism spreading and growing within your communities and near your families.A new WikiLeaks email shows John Podesta secretly worried about the fact that Hillary Clinton never put procedures in place to keep the San Bernardino shooter out of America  including a plan to review social media postings. We're letting in Radical Islamic Terrorists right through the front door, and stamping their visas "approved" on the way in.So let me state this as clearly as I can. If I'm elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our country.We will also stop the crisis of illegal immigration.A Trump Administration will secure and defend our borders. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the first-ever endorsement from our ICE and Border Patrol officers.All across our nation, innocent Americans have been killed by illegal immigrant criminals who should never have been in our country.Kate Steinle was gunned down in her father's arms in broad daylight on a San Francisco pier. Her killer had been deported 5 times before.90 year-old Earl Olander was brutally beaten to death in his home by illegal immigrants with criminal records and left on the floor of his home to die.Laura Wilkerson's teenage son, Josh, was tortured and beaten to do by an illegal immigrant he offered to give a ride home. His body was viciously burned.The examples go on and on and on.Under a Trump Administration, this crime wave will come crashing to an end.That includes the proposal, in my contract, for tough mandatory minimum prison sentences for illegal immigrants who re-enter the country after a previous deportation.With a victory in November, everything will change.Here are some of the amazing things we are going to do for our country starting in 2017:the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; defend religious liberty; provide school choice to every disadvantaged child in America, and we are going to end Common Core; support the men and women of law enforcement; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.You have 16 days to make this all happen  but you have to get out and vote, and that includes helping me elect a Republican Congress to enact my 100-day America-First action plan.Our failed establishment will be replaced with a new government guided by the principles I outlined in my contract with the American Voter.It will be a government of, by and for the people.For those who feel like they don't have a voice, I have a simple reply: I Am Your Voice.I'm going to fight for every American in every last part of this nation.I'm going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the people  not the donors and special interests.And I am going to fight to bring us all together as Americans.Imagine what our country could accomplish if we started working together as One People, under One God, saluting One American Flag. You're going to look back at this rally for the rest of your life. This is a movement like the world has never seen before.You're going to look back at this election, and say this is by far the most important vote you've ever cast for anyone at any time. We Will Make America Wealthy Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
It is great to be here in Charlotte to discuss an issue that means so much to me.That is the issue of urban renewal, and the rebuilding of our inner cities.Today I want to talk about how to grow the African-American middle class, and to provide a new deal for Black America. That deal is grounded in three promises: safe communities, great education, and high-paying jobs.My vision rests on a principle that has defined this campaign: America First.Every African-American citizen in this country is entitled to a government that puts their jobs, wages and security first.I'm asking today for the honor of your vote, and the privilege to represent you as your President. Here is the promise I make to you: whether you vote for me or not, I will be your greatest champion. I have no special interest, I take no orders from donors or lobbyists  I work for you, and only you.Our campaign is about change, optimism, and the future. I am asking people to break from the bitter failures of the past, and to imagine the amazing possibilities for our future.Our opponent represents the rigged system and failed thinking of yesterday. Her campaign offers only the depressing pessimism that says this is as good as it gets, that nothing can ever really change.Hillary has been there for 30 years and hasn't fixed anything  she's just made it worse.American politics is caught in a time loop  we keep electing the same people, who keep making the same mistakes, and who keep offering the same excuses.The fact that our corrupt Washington establishment has tried so hard to stop our movement is just more proof that we represent the kind of change that arrives only once in a lifetime.Every day I'm out on the trail proposing fresh solutions and new thinking. And every day, the same people, getting rich off our broken system, tell us that we can't change and that we can't try anything new.I have a message for all the doubters in Washington: America's future belongs to the dreamers, not the cynics.And it's time to extend that dream to every African-American citizen in this country.African-American citizens have sacrificed so much for this nation. They have fought and died in every war since the Revolution, and from the pews and the picket lines they have lifted up the conscience of our country in the long march for Civil Rights.Yet, too many African-Americans have been left behind.45% of African-American children under the age of 6 live in poverty.58% of African-American youth are not currently employed.African-Americans compromise roughly 13 percent of the population, yet make-up 60% of murder victims under the age of 22.In 2015, violent crime in Charlotte increased by 18 percent  and it's expected to rise 24% in 2016.In the city of Chicago, nearly 3,500 people have been shot since January of this year.The conditions in our inner cities today are unacceptable.The Democrats have run our inner cities for fifty, sixty, seventy years or more. They've run the school boards, the city councils, the mayor's offices, and the congressional seats. Their policies have failed, and they've failed miserably.They've trapped children in failing government schools, and opposed school choice at every turn.The Clintons gave us NAFTA and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, two deals that de-industrialized America, uprooted our industry, and stripped bare towns like Detroit and Baltimore and the inner cities of North Carolina. This state has lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary's NAFTA, decimating the African-American middle class.Democratic policies have also given rise to crippling crime and violence.Then there is the issue of taxation and regulation. Massive taxes, massive regulation of small business, and radical restrictions on American energy, have driven jobs and opportunities out of our inner cities. Hillary wants to raise taxes on successful small businesses as high as 45 percent  which will only drive more jobs out of your community, and into other countries.One of the greatest betrayals has been the issue of immigration. Illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African-Americans. No group has been more economically-harmed by decades of illegal immigration than low-income African-American workers. Hillary's pledge to enact "open borders,"  made in secret to a foreign bank  would destroy the African-American middle class.At the center of my revitalization plan is the issue of trade. Massive, chronic trade deficits have emptied out our jobs. Just look at what has happened to Baltimore, Detroit, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, and right here in North Carolina. It's the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.If I'm President, and the executives at Ford Motor Company announce they are moving their plants and jobs to Mexico, I will pick up the phone and make a simple call. I will tell those executives that if they move their factories to Mexico, I will put a 35% tax on their product before they ship it back into the United States. We won't let your jobs be stolen from you anymore. When we stop the offshoring to low-wage countries, we raise wages at home  meaning rent and bills become instantly more affordable.At the same time, my plan to lower the business tax from 35 percent to 15 percent will bring thousands of new companies onto our shores. It also includes a massive middle class tax cut, tax-free childcare savings accounts, and childcare tax deductions and credits.I will also propose tax holidays for inner-city investment, and new tax incentives to get foreign companies to relocate in blighted American neighborhoods. I will further empower cities and states to seek a federal disaster designation for blighted communities in order to initiate the rebuilding of vital infrastructure, the demolition of abandoned properties, and the increased presence of law enforcement.I will also pursue financial reforms to make it easier for young African-Americans to get credit to pursue their dreams in business and create jobs in their communities. Dodd-Frank has been a disaster, making it harder for small businesses to get the credit they need. The policies of the Clintons brought us the financial recession  through lifting Glass-Steagall, pushing subprime lending, and blocking reforms to Fannie and Freddie. It's time for a 21st century Glass Steagall and, as part of that, a priority on helping African-American businesses get the credit they need.We will also encourage small-business creation by allowing social welfare workers to convert poverty assistance into repayable but forgive-able micro-loans.Then there is the issue of public safety. Making our communities safe again will be a priority for the Trump Administration.I have heard and have listened to the concerns raised by African-American citizens about our justice system, and I promise that under a Trump Administration the law will be applied fairly, equally and without prejudice. There will be only one set of rules  not a two-tiered system of justice. The best evidence of unequal justice is that Hillary Clinton could violate so many laws, bleach and delete 33,000 emails after a Congressional subpoena, lie to Congress and the FBI  put our national security at grave risk  and not even face so much as a fine.Equal justice also means the same rules for Wall Street. The Obama Administration never held Wall Street accountable.We will also police our streets. I want every poor African-American child to be able to walk down the street in peace. Safety is a civil right. The problem is not the presence of police but the absence of police. I will invest in training and funding both local and federal law enforcement operations to remove the gang members, drug dealers, and criminal cartels from our neighborhoods. The reduction of crime is not merely a goal  but a necessity. We will get it done. The war on police urged on by my rival is reckless, and dangerous, and puts African-American lives at risk. We must work with our police, not against them.On immigration, my policy is simple. I will restore the civil rights of African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, and all Americans, by ending illegal immigration. I will reform visa rules to give American workers preference for jobs, and I will suspend reckless refugee admissions from terror-prone regions that cost taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars. A portion of the money saved by enforcing our laws, and suspending refugees, will be re-invested in our inner cities. It is time to help the American citizens who have become refugees in their own country.Infrastructure will be another major goal. My contract calls for $1 trillion dollars in infrastructure investment, of which the inner cities will be a major beneficiary.I will also cancel all wasteful climate change spending from Obama-Clinton, including all global warming payments to the United Nations. These steps will save $100 billion over 8 years, and this money will be used to help rebuild the vital infrastructure, including water systems, in America's inner cities.School choice is at the center of my plan. My proposal redirects education spending to allow every disadvantaged child in America to attend the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice. School choice is the great civil rights issue of our time, and I will be the nation's biggest cheerleader for school choice in all 50 states. I will also appoint a commission to investigate the school to prison pipeline and to shut it down and create a new pathway that leads from a great education to a great job. My plan will also ensure funding for Historical Black Colleges and Universities, more affordable 2 and 4-year college, and support for trade and vocational education.Finally, today, my agenda includes the protection of religious liberty, the promotion of family, and support for the African-American church.This is just the beginning. Because I will never, ever take the African-American community for granted. It will be my mission to prove to this country that yesterday does not have to be tomorrow. The cycle of poverty can be broken, and great new things can happen for our people.But to achieve this future, we must reject the failed elites in Washington who've been wrong about virtually everything for decades.The people opposing us promised that passing NAFTA, and opening our markets to China, would bring a new era of prosperity and job creation. Instead, they brought only poverty and heartache.The people opposing us are the same people who've wasted $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East that have produced only more terrorism, more death, and more suffering  imagine if that money had been spent at home.My opponent unleashed ISIS on the world. She tried to build Democracy in Libya, and failed. She tried to build Democracy in Iraq, and failed. She tried regime change in Egypt, and failed. She pressed regime change in Syria, and failed. She tried a Russian Reset that failed. She tried an Asia Pivot that failed. Now, Hillary Clinton wants to confront nuclear-armed Russia with a shooting war in Syria that could lead us into World War III.Finally, our opponents passed a healthcare law, embraced by Hillary Clinton, over the furious objections of the American voter. Obamacare is now destroying our healthcare system  premiums are skyrocketing double-digits and are surging by more than 100% in the great state of Arizona. Doctors are quitting, insurers are leaving, and companies are fleeing. Every prediction they made about this law was a lie. If we don't repeal and replace this disastrous law, we will lose our healthcare system forever.Now is the time to embrace a New Direction.I've been very lucky and have led a great life. Now I want to give back to the country which has been so good to me. I just left a hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington D.C., delivered under budget, and ahead of schedule, creating thousands of jobs, including construction. It will be one of the finest hotels anywhere in the world, and a great symbol for our country. I took two hours to fly into Washington, to cut the ribbon with my children, and then jump on the plane to be here with you. I wanted to be there for my children, who worked so hard on this hotel -- parents must stick with, encourage, and support their children. They did a great job on the hotel, and I told them so. Likewise, the workers did a magnificent job -- without them, it could never have been built so quickly and so beautifully. The rebuilding we did of the Old Post Office is the rebuilding I want to do for our country.I want to go into the inner cities, the poor rural communities, and the failing schools, and I want to work on a national plan for revitalization. I'm tired of the excuses from our politicians. I'm tired of being told what can't be done. I'm tired of people asking Americans to defer their dreams to another day, but really another decade.Enough waiting. The time is now. There is nothing we can't accomplish. There is no task or project too great. There is no dream outside our reach.Everywhere I go in this country, all I see is untapped potential waiting to be set free. But we will never realize that potential if we continue putting our faith in a broken political system that has let us down time and again. We have to choose the more optimistic path  we have to choose to believe not in our politicians, but to believe in ourselves and in our country. If we do that, anything is possible.I'm asking America to join me in dreaming big and bold things for our future. Let's close the history books on the failures in Washington, and let's open a new chapter of success and prosperity for everyone.I am humbled beyond words to be the nominee for the Party of Abraham Lincoln. And it is my highest and greatest hope that the Republican Party can be the home of the African-American vote once again.Together, we will have a government of, by and for the people.And we will Make America Great Again For All Americans.
Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington.As you have heard, it was just announced yesterday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.This is the biggest political scandal since Watergate, and it is everybody's deepest hope that justice, at last, can be delivered.Hillary has nobody but herself to blame for her mounting legal troubles.Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional and purposeful.Hillary set-up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure.She set-up this illegal server knowing full well that her actions put our national security at risk, and put the safety and security of your children at risk.To further cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear  some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing.She even pretended not to know that the letter "C" meant confidential information that was classified.As the recent release of a memo from one of Bill Clinton's closest associates demonstrates, the Clintons have turned the government into a scheme for personal profit.The Clintons even saw the deadly disaster in Haiti as an opportunity to cash-in.The WikiLeaks revelations have revealed a degree of corruption at the highest levels of our government like nothing we've ever seen before  including a candidate who boasts to donors about having a public position for the voters, and a private position for Wall Street.Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.Hillary should have been convicted long ago.That the legal process has been taking this long is incredible.And now it's reported that the Department of Justice is fighting the FBI  that's because the Department of Justice is trying to protect her.97% of Department of Justice employees' presidential contributions went to Hillary Clinton.There are those, and I happen to be one of them, who think Hillary offered Lorretta Lynch a reappointment as Attorney General.Perhaps that was what Bill Clinton was doing in the secret meeting on the tarmac in Arizona.He said it was to play golf, but he never played, and it was over 100 degrees.This is what we mean when we call it a rigged system.Now the Attorney General is fighting the FBI for doing what was right  but what should have been done many months ago.Perhaps, through this other investigation, they found what may be some of the 33,000 missing and deleted emails Hillary tried desperately to destroy, even going so far as to use digital bleach.The stakes on November 8th could not be higher.A vote for Hillary is vote a to surrender our government to public corruption, graft and cronyism that threatens the very foundations of our Constitutional system.What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws, and that we are all equal under those laws  Hillary's corruption shreds that foundational principle.Public Corruption is a grave and profound threat to a Democracy.Government corruption spreads outward, like a cancer, and infects the operations of government itself.If the corruption is not removed, then the people are not able to have faith in their government.It deadens and saps the spirit of civic participation.Corruption decays our trust in institutions and our legal system.When the outcome is fixed, when the system is rigged, people lose hope. They detach. Our society becomes unplugged and unhinged.When the powerful can get away with anything, because they have the money and the connections to rig the system, then the laws lose their moral authority.Hillary believes money and power  not truth and justice  should rule the day.As FDR once said, government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob.This is what we often see in Third World countries  where the governments are often run by a small handful of corrupt people for their personal enrichment.Corruption is corrosive to every institution of government, and it must be stopped.Restoring honesty to our government, and the rule of law to our society, will be my highest priority as President.We must save the America.That is why My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption and take our country back from the special interests.I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words I am about to say.When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.
The silent majority is back. In 10 days, we are going to win the state of Arizona and we are going to win back the White House.A Trump Administration will immediately repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare.It's just been announced that the citizens of Arizona are going to experience a 116 percent increase in their Obamacare premiums. Elect me, and WE WILL STOP THE PREMIUM HIKES FOR GOOD. WE WILL STOP THE MADNESS OF OBAMACARE.Every single one of Arizona's 15 counties is losing insurers next year because of Obamacare. In Phoenix, there are 8 Obamacare insurers this year. Next year there will be only one. And it was announced this week that Obamacare premiums in Phoenix will go up 145% next year. One insurer in the state will have a $14,000 deductible.Obamacare is a catastrophe for Arizona, and a catastrophe for all of America.Even Bill Clinton admitted Obamacare is "the craziest thing in the world," where "people wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half."In Minnesota, where the premium increase will be close to 60 percent, the Democratic Governor has said "the Affordable Care Act is no longer affordable."Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare, admitted it was all a fraud, and he said, outrageously, that it was passed because of the "stupidity of the American voter."Hillary Clinton wants to double-down on Obamacare, making it even more expensive.My Contract With the American Voter outlines a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, and I'm asking for your vote so we can save healthcare for every family in Arizona.Real change also means getting rid of the corruption in Washington.As you have heard, it was just announced yesterday that the FBI is reopening their investigation into the criminal and illegal conduct of Hillary Clinton.This is the biggest political scandal since Watergate, and it is everybody's deepest hope that justice, at last, can be delivered.Hillary has nobody but herself to blame for her mounting legal troubles. Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional, and purposeful.Hillary set-up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure  and exposure.She set-up this illegal server knowing full well that her actions put our national security at risk, and put the safety and security of your children at risk. But she didn't care  as long as she and Bill got the money, the safety of your family didn't matter.To cover-up her crimes, she bleached and deleted 33,000 emails after receiving a Congressional Subpoena, made 13 phones disappear  some with a hammer, lied to Congress under oath, lied to the FBI many times, and then two boxes of email evidence went mysteriously missing.The WikiLeaks revelations have exposed criminal corruption at the highest levels of our government.Hillary put the office of Secretary of State up for sale and, if she ever got the chance, she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too. She'd put it up for sale to special interests and foreign dictators  whoever offers the highest price.Yet, now it's reported that the Department of Justice is fighting the FBI  that's because the Department of Justice is trying to protect Hillary Clinton.97% of Department of Justice employee's presidential contributions went to Hillary Clinton.There are those, and I happen to be one of them, who think Hillary offered Lorretta Lynch a reappointment as Attorney General if she were to become President. Perhaps that was what Bill Clinton was arranging when he met with Attorney General Lynch on her airplane on the tarmac right here in Arizona.This is what we mean when we say the system is rigged.A vote for Hillary is a vote to surrender our government to public corruption, graft and cronyism that threatens the survival of our Constitutional system itself.What makes us exceptional is that we are a nation of laws, and that we are all equal under those laws  Hillary's corruption shreds the principle on which our nation was founded.Government corruption spreads outward, like a cancer, infecting the whole operation of our government.When the outcome is fixed, when the system is rigged, people lose hope  they stop dreaming, they stop trying.When the powerful can get away with anything, because they have the money and the connections to rig the system, then people lose confidence in our laws and in our future.Hillary's corruption is corrosive to the soul of our nation, and it must be stopped.As FDR once said, "government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob."Hillary believes money and power  not truth and justice  should rule the day.We have one ultimate check on Hillary's corruption, and that is the power of voting. The only way to beat the corruption is to show up and vote by the tens of millions, including millions of people voting for the first time in their entire lives.Vote with all of your heart and soul to Make America Great Again.Restoring honesty to our government, and the rule of law to our society, will be my highest priority as President.Haven't we had enough drama with the Clintons? Bill Clinton was impeached for lying and obstructing justice, signed the worst trade deal in history, NAFTA, which emptied our country of it's manufacturing jobs, and he doesn't even have the right to practice law.Hillary has brought scandal or destroyed everything she touched.Look at Whitewater, cattle futures, jobs in Upstate New York, or look at Syria, Iraq, Libya, and now her emails.This will be the year the American people say: enough is enough.This will be the year the American people break with the bitter failures of the past and embrace a new and optimistic future.My Contract With The American Voter begins with a plan to end government corruption.I want the entire corrupt Washington establishment to hear and to heed the words we are all about to say.When we win on November 8th, We Are Going To Washington, D.C. And We Are Going To DRAIN THE SWAMP.At the core of my contract is my plan to bring back our jobs.Right now, 70 million American women and children live in poverty, or near the brink of poverty.America has lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs since Bill and Hillary's NAFTA. America has lost 70,000 factories since China entered the World Trade Organization.We are living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world. Hillary's goal is to send millions and millions more jobs out of our country.Hillary is going to raise taxes up to 45 percent, massively expand regulation, shut down American energy, and push through terrible trade deals that offshore our jobs for the benefit of her donors.Her policies will cause a major recession, or even a depression.A Trump Administration will stop TPP, renegotiate NAFTA, and we are going to stand up to China on Currency Manipulation.We are going to lower taxes on American business from 35 percent to 15 percent.We are going to cut taxes for Middle Class families by hundreds of billions of dollars.My infrastructure plan will provide help for projects like the proposed Interstate-11, which would connect Phoenix with Las Vegas and other areas.We will also unleash the full power of American energy including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.We will become a rich nation once again.But to be a rich country, we must also be a safe country.A Trump Administration will also secure and defend the borders of the United States. And yes, we will build a wall.We have the endorsement of America's ICE and Border Patrol Officers, the first time they have ever made an endorsement.When Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State she allowed thousands of the most dangerous criminal aliens in the world to go free inside America because their home countries wouldn't take them back.These were people guilty of murder, assault, rape, and all manner of violent crime.Hillary has pledged "open borders," and supports Sanctuary Cities.Countless Americans are killed by illegal immigrants because our government won't do it's job.These include amazing Americans like Sergeant Brandon Mendoza, of Mesa Arizona, who was killed by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record who should have been deported  but the government refused to act. I've spent time with his incredible mother.28-year-old Park Ranger Kris Eggle was shot and killed by a drug cartel hit squad responsible for a number of murders. Kris died trying to protect our borders from drug and weapon trafficking into the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.33-year-old Phoenix Police Officer Nick Erfle, a young cancer survivor, was murdered by a previously- deported illegal immigrant with a felony warrant. Nick was shot twice in the back of the head.21-year-old Grant Ronnebeck, was working at a convenience store in Mesa Arizona when he was shot point blank by an illegal immigrant.His illegal immigrant killer, despite a criminal record, was out on bond, roaming free.When I become President, this crime wave ends.We are going to cancel all federal funding for Sanctuary Cities.We are going to impose tough prison sentences for illegal immigrants who return after a previous deportation.We will end illegal immigration, deport every last criminal alien, and save American lives.We will also repeal the Obama-Clinton defense sequester and rebuild our badly depleted military. We have the endorsements of over 200 Admirals and Generals and 22 Medal of Honor Recipients.Our Air Force is the smallest and oldest it has ever been, and my plan builds the modern, advanced fighter aircraft we need  fighters like those that will be stationed at Luke Air Force Base.Our Army is the smallest it has been since before World War II, and we will significantly increase both the size of our Army and the emphasis we place on intelligence  that means supporting the men and women at Fort Huachuca, home of the Army's Intelligence Center.Places like Marine Corps Air Station Yuma will have new aircraft  they won't have to get spare parts from museums anymore.We also need a new foreign policy that puts America First.Hillary's policies unleashed ISIS, empowered Iran, and spread death and destruction across the Middle East.Hillary and our failed Washington Establishment have spent $6 trillion on wars in the Middle East, and now it's in worse shape than ever before.Our failed establishment has betrayed the American worker and family. They've dragged us into foreign wars that have made us less safe, they have left our borders wide open at home, and they've shipped our jobs and wealth to other countries.To all Americans I say: it is time for new leadership.Just think about what we can accomplish in the first 100 days We are going to have the biggest tax cut since Ronald Reagan; eliminate every unnecessary job-killing regulation; cancel every illegal Obama executive order; stop the massive inflow of refugees and keep Radical Islamic Terrorist out of our country; rebuild our military and take care of our Vets; reduce surging crime and support the men and women of law enforcement; provide school choice and put an end to Common Core; save the 2nd amendment; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.Americans are tired of being told by politicians that they have to defer their dreams to another day, but they really mean another decade.Hillary has been there for 30 years, and she has accomplished nothing  she's just made things worse.She is the candidate of yesterday. We are the movement of the future.Our movement represents all Americans, from all backgrounds, and all walks of life. We are asking for the votes of Republicans, Democrats, Independents, and first-time voters.We are fighting for every citizen who believes that government should serve the people  not the donors and special interests.We are fighting to unlock the potential of every American community, and every American family, who yearns for a better future.With your vote, we are just 10 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life.Together, We Will Make America JUST Again.We Will Make America Strong Again.We Will Make America Safe Again.And We Will Make America Great Again.
Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone. [applause]Sorry to keep you waiting; complicated business; complicated. [applause]Thank you very much. [applause]I've just received a call from Secretary Clinton. [applause]She congratulated us  it's about us  on our victory, and I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she  she fought very hard.Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. [applause]I mean that very sincerely. [applause]Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division; have to get together. To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. [applause]It's time. I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans, and this is so important to me. [applause]For those who have chosen not to support me in the past, of which there were a few people...[laughter]...I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country. [applause]As I've said from the beginning, ours was not a campaign, but rather an incredible and great movement made up of millions of hard-working men and women who love their country and want a better, brighter future for themselves and for their families. [applause]It's a movement comprised of Americans from all races, religions, backgrounds and beliefs who want and expect our government to serve the people, and serve the people it will. [applause]Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American dream. I've spent my entire life and business looking at the untapped potential in projects and in people all over the world. That is now what I want to do for our country. [applause]Tremendous potential. I've gotten to know our country so well  tremendous potential. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Every single American will have the opportunity to realize his or her fullest potential. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. [applause]We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.We will also finally take care of our great veterans. [applause]They've been so loyal, and I've gotten to know so many over this 18-month journey. The time I've spent with them during this campaign has been among my greatest honors. Our veterans are incredible people. We will embark upon a project of national growth and renewal. I will harness the creative talents of our people and we will call upon the best and brightest to leverage their tremendous talent for the benefit of all. It's going to happen. [applause]We have a great economic plan. We will double our growth and have the strongest economy anywhere in the world. At the same time, we will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us. We will be. [applause]We'll have great relationships. We expect to have great, great relationships. No dream is too big, no challenge is too great.Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach.America will no longer settle for anything less than the best. [applause]We must reclaim our country's destiny and dream big and bold and daring. We have to do that. We're going to dream of things for our country and beautiful things and successful things once again.I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone  all people and all other nations. We will seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict.And now I'd like to take this moment to thank some of the people who really helped me with this, what they are calling tonight, very, very historic victory.First, I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now. [applause]Great people. I've learned so much from them. They were wonderful in every regard. I had truly great parents.I also want to thank my sisters, Maryanne and Elizabeth, who are here with us tonight. And, where are they? They're here someplace. They're very shy, actually. And my brother Robert  my great friend. Where is Robert? Where is Robert? [applause]My brother Robert. And they should all be on this stage, but that's OK. They're great. And also my late brother, Fred. Great guy. Fantastic guy. [applause]Fantastic family. I was very lucky. Great brothers, sisters; great, unbelievable parents.To Melania and Don...[applause]...and Ivanka...[applause]...and Eric and Tiffany and Baron, I love you and I thank you, and especially for putting up with all of those hours. This was tough. [applause]This was tough. This political stuff is nasty and it's tough. So I want to thank my family very much. Really fantastic. Thank you all. Thank you all.And Lara, unbelievable job, unbelievable.Vanessa, thank you. Thank you very much.What a great group. You've all given me such incredible support, and I will tell you that we have a large group of people. You know, they kept saying we have a small staff. Not so small. Look at all the people that we have. Look at all of these people.And Kellyanne and Chris and Rudy and Steve and David. We have got  we have got tremendously talented people up here. And I want to tell you, it's been  it's been very, very special. I want to give a very special thanks to our former mayor, Rudy Giuliani. [applause]Unbelievable. Unbelievable. He traveled with us and he went through meetings. That Rudy never changes. Where's Rudy? Where is he? Rudy.Governor Chris Christie, folks, was unbelievable. [applause]Thank you, Chris.The first man, first senator, first major, major politician, and let me tell you, he is highly respected in Washington because he's as smart as you get: Senator Jeff Sessions. Where is Jeff? [applause]Great man.Another great man, very tough competitor. He was not easy. He was not easy. Who is that? Is that the mayor that showed up? [laughter]Is that Rudy? Oh, Rudy got up here.Another great man who has been really a friend to me. But I'll tell you, I got to know him as a competitor because he was one of the folks that was negotiating to go against those Democrats: Dr. Ben Carson. Where is Ben? [applause]Where is Ben?And by the way, Mike Huckabee is here someplace, and he is fantastic. Mike and his family, Sarah  thank you very much.General Mike Flynn. Where is Mike? [applause]And General Kellogg. We have over 200 generals and admirals that have endorsed our campaign. And they're special people and it's really an honor. We have 22 congressional Medal of Honor recipients. We have just tremendous people.A very special person who believed me and, you know, I'd read reports that I wasn't getting along with him. I never had a bad second with him. He's an unbelievable star. He is...[crosstalk]That's right. How did you possibly guess? So let me tell you about Reince, and I've said this. I said, Reince  and I know it, I know. Look at all those people over there. I know it. Reince is a superstar. But I said, "They can't call you a superstar, Reince, unless we win," because you can't be called a superstar  like Secretariat  if Secretariat came in second, Secretariat would not have that big, beautiful bronze bust at the track at Belmont.But I'll tell you, Reince is really a star. And he is the hardest-working guy. And in a certain way, I did this  Reince, come up here. Where is Reince? Get over here, Reince. [applause]Boy oh boy oh boy. It's about time you did this, Reince. My God. [applause]Say a few words. No, come on, say something.Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus: Ladies and gentlemen, the next president of the United States, Donald Trump. [applause]Thank you. It's been an honor. God bless. Thank God.The President-elect: We will do a great job. [applause]I look very much forward to being your president, and hopefully at the end of two years or three years or four years, or maybe even eight years... [applause]...you will say, so many of you worked so hard for us, but you will say that  you will say that that was something that you really were very proud to do and I can...[crosstalk]Thank you very much.And I can only say that while the campaign is over, our work on this movement is now really just beginning. [applause]We're going to get to work immediately for the American people. And we're going to be doing a job that hopefully you will be so proud of your president. You'll be so proud. Again, it's my honor. It was an amazing evening. It's been an amazing two-year period. And I love this country. [applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. [applause]Thank you to Mike Pence. Thank you. [applause]
